Title:   Ephemeral Fantasia Walkthru (NA version)
Author:  charjer0
E-mail:  charjer@gmail.com
Version: 0.1
Date:    March 03, 2002

========
Contents
========
Controls
A Little About This Walkthru
A Little About The Game
Characters
Walkthru
Credits
Copyright and Other Stuff

========
Controls
========
-----
Field
-----
Left Analog Stick - Move around; LED light on
D-Pad - Move around; LED light off
Select - Show map (this will show you the area map if you have it, 
otherwise it will show you the entire map of the island)
Start - Pause
X - Accept; in the map, if you are looking at an area map, pressing this 
button brings up the entire map of the island
O - Cancel, skip through dialogue
[] - Shows compass/clock; brings up menu; closes menu
/\ - Fast forward through CGs; camera zoom
R1/L1 - Rotate camera

------
Battle
------
Up/Down - Scroll through menu
Right/X - Accept
Left/O - Cancel
/\ - Change camera view
L1/R1 - Change ready character
L2 - Semi-auto AI mode
R2 - Full AI mode
Start - Pause

---------------
Music Mini-Game
---------------
Start - Begin song
O - Pick
L2 - Red
L1 - Green
Right - Blue

============================
A Little About This Walkthru
============================
This walkthru will not include a list of magic spells, skills, secrets, 
or items in the game.  It will also not have boss fight tips.  Except 
for the boss fight tips, the rest of the information can be found in 
BAnderson's Ephemeral Fantasia FAQ/Walkthru.  This walkthru is just to 
make it a bit easier to follow what to do in the game and when and how 
to recruit the characters.

=======================
A Little About The Game
=======================
This is not your ordinary, run-of-the-mill RPG.  The game is based on a 
five day week.  Not seven, five.  At the end of five days, time "loops".  
Or, you start back on day one, but count it as the next week.  For 
example, if you've gone through week one and time loops, don't count it 
as day one on week one.  Instead, count it as day one on week two.  
Confused?  Go through it a couple of times and you'll lose count of what 
week you're on.  Then it won't matter what week it is.

There is also the concept of time in this game that I should tell you 
about.  You may think, "Hey, this is like any other game.  I have lots 
of time to get to my next destination."  Well, you're wrong.  One game 
hour (if you follow the clock/compass) is approximately equal to one 
"real world" (as in the world you and I are in right now) minute.  So 
please be careful about this.  You don't want to miss key events that 
you need to see in order to complete the game.

Also, there is an option to let the computer take over your battles.  
You can do that if you like, although it is not recommended by me.  And 
don't forget to pause the game when you need to go to the bathroom or 
get something to eat.  It stops the watch from running and during 
battles.  Unlike RPGs like the Final Fantasy series, there is no "Wait".  
All the battles in this game are "Active".

During the course of the walkthru, don't worry if you don't follow what 
I did word for word.  I'm just putting down what I did.

==========
Characters
==========
-----
Mouse
-----
The main character of the game.
A thief and travelling musician.
Renameable.

-------
Pattimo
-------
Mouse's companion.
A talking guitar.

--------
Loreille
--------
Princess of the island of Pandule.

------------
Xelpherpolis
------------
Prince of Pandule.
He is going to marry Loreille so he can become the new king of Pandule.

-----
Rummy
-----
Captain of the guards that protect the princess.

------
Bagoth
------
General of Pandule's army.

------
Claire
------
Resident watch maker.
Frequents the bar often.

---
Ano
---
Palace's top magic scientist.

----
Kyte
----
Old sea captain.

-----
Plosi
-----
An artist.  A perverted artist.

-----
Rinna
-----
Daughter of the innkeeper.

----
Beak
----
A friend of Mouse and another thief.
Renameable.

----
Fang
----
A friend of Mouse and another thief.
Renameable.

--------
Gallhint
--------
Another thief.  His fortress is on the eastern part of Pandule.

-----
Lloyd
-----
A robot brought to life with the help of magic.

-------
Grantus
-------
One of three of Xelpherpolis' group of time priests.
He has the head of a bull.

--------
Twinboom
--------
One of three of Xelpherpolis' group of time priests.
He has the head of a bird.

-------
Jawarro
-------
One of three of Xelpherpolis' group of time priests.
You'll find out what this person looks like.

------------------
Celestial Citizens
------------------
People who live in the clouds above the island of Pandule.
Confused?  You'll see later in the game.

========
Walkthru
========

--------
Week One
--------

-Day One-

"Congratulations, you've been invited to play for Prince Xelpherpolis at 
his wedding, blah, blah, blah..."

You (Mouse, or whatever you decided to name him) start out on a boat.  
After the conversation with the captain, you talk to Pattimo.  It asks 
you a question, so answer however you want.  I don't think it affects 
the story at all.  The opening credits come out and you get dropped off 
at the docks on the island of Pandule.  Rummy (you did read the 
Characters section, right?) meets you there.  She drops you off at the 
inn and suggests that you explore town a little.  After she leaves, the 
innkeeper comes in and starts talking, and talking, and talking.  When 
he finally finishes, you get your first map piece.  You can sleep if you 
like, or you can explore town.  If at any time you'd like to rest, go to 
the single bed and examine it and select how many hours you'd like to 
rest.  I suggest exploring town.  You can go into people's homes and 
loot their belongs.  For now, just stay within the map that you have 
currently.

Eventually, the game will stop and Rummy will arrive and pick you up to 
meet the Prince and Princess.  You meet them and you get your first song 
of the game.  Don't worry about not doing a good job on it.  You just 
have to finish playing it.  If you've played Guitar Freaks before, this 
mini-game shouldn't be too hard.  After the meeting, you'll be free to 
go and do as you please again.  Some time during that night you'll be 
magically whisked away to the castle.  Okay, not magically, but the game 
will take you there.

Feel free to look around, take things, what not.  When it reaches a 
certain time, you'll be automatically taken to the Princess' room.  
After the conversation, you leave.  You should be taken back to the inn.

-Day Two-

"Witness the amazing....snake dance?"

Welcome to day two of your stay on the island of Pandule.  Enjoying 
yourself?

Anyway, the innkeeper comes in and suggests watching the summoning of 
one of the sacred stones.  When Pattimo talks, you get to make another 
decision (don't you like making those; feels like you have your own 
mind, doesn't it?).  I chose yes.  After you leave, Rinna comes in and 
finds that you had already left.

You get sent to the beach, where you find Rummy swimming.  She changes 
her clothes and joins your party, which consists of just you and her.  
Roam around, get in a couple of battles, search for chests.  The game 
will automatically take you to the ceremony.  There you meet General 
Bagoth who makes a request of you.

After the ceremony, feel free to roam around again.  When the time 
arrives, you'll be taken to the castle and have your meeting with 
Bagoth.  During the conversation, when I could, I chose "No".  He's 
happy, then let's you go.  Be careful now because the castle has become 
a dungeon.  Random battles occur here now.  Anyway, make your way down 
two floors and out of the castle (the main entrance/exit to the castle 
is on the second floor).  Rummy meets you outside and asks you to meet 
at the restaurant at 7:30 pm that night.  She gives you the map for the 
area.  Take a look at it.  I know you don't have the map showing the 
route so follow my directions.  Best to do it now before you run out of 
time.

Go south down the bridge to the town center.  You'll see buildings to 
the west.  Go around these buildings so that you're going north.  Keep 
going north until the path turns towards the northeast and continue 
following it in the easterly direction.  Following this path takes you 
back to the inn.  Now, before the inn, there should have been a path 
going north.  Take that path and follow it east.  The screen will change 
to black and you'll see Now Loading in the bottom right.  You are now on 
a new map block.  Continue east past the ramp.  Go up the first north 
path past the ramp and continue north until you get the Now Loading 
black screen again.  If you check the map, you'll see that you have the 
map for this area.  It's the one that Rummy just gave you.

Now that you've found the restaurant, feel free to do what you like.  
Just don't forget where the restaurant is.  Around 7:30 pm, go into the 
restaurant and Rummy should be on the second floor.  When you two talk, 
you'll have a list of conversation topics.  If you want information, 
choose the option about Princess Loreille last.  Otherwise, just pick 
that one and the story progresses.  Dinner ends and you can do what you 
like.

-Day Three-

If you want to go on a tour of the city with Rinna, make sure you're at 
the inn between 6 and 10 am.  Those are the times Rinna is working.  If 
you don't want to, don't sweat it.  What you do is go up the innkeeper 
and talk to him.  Rinna overhears the conversation and asks if you'd 
like her to take you on a tour.  I chose "Yes".  She takes you through 
parts of the city, you play a song for her, and you get to see another 
ceremony take place.

After the ceremony, exit the gates and go in a northeasterly direction 
to find a chest.  In it is another map piece.  Sooner or later, Rinna 
has to leave to go back to work.  Take a look at the map to see how to 
get back to town.  Once you get back, in the map that has "Town" on it, 
there should be the word "Mall" to the west of the town center.  Go 
there and you'll find a bunch of shops.  There's also a blacksmith here 
that'll upgrade Pattimo.  Remember this location for future reference.

If you're on this map around 3:15 pm on this day, you'll get to see 
another ceremony in the town center.  Not a sacred stone ceremony, but 
it still involves dancing.  Later, a maid from the castle meets you and 
tells you that she's to escort you to the castle for a wedding dress 
ceremony.  During the ceremony, Gallhint and his bandits attack.  Watch 
the events, then you'll be free to do what you want.

Let's go get another map piece.  Remember the route you took to get to 
the restaurant?  Let's go get the map piece for the area you don't have 
yet, the one in between the restaurant map and town center map.  Take 
that same route, but instead of going north to the restaurant map, you 
should see a path going to the east.  Take that path and enter the first 
house on the south.  Talk to one of the people next to the door inside 
and they'll give you a map piece.

-Day Four-

"Trouble brewing..."

You should get a cut scene involving Ano, Loreille, and Xelpherpolis.  
Not all of them together at once, but one having them.  Any who, head up 
to the castle some time in the morning and you'll have a run in with 
Xelpherpolis and his priests.  Ano comes in during the conversation, 
then you get invited to dinner later that night at the castle.

Next, if you want to take part in a scene involving Loreille, go to the 
other side of the castle.  If you don't want to, skip to the next part.  
Pass by the front and go to the tower on that side.  You'll get into an 
auto event with Princess Loreille.  When you have to choose an option, 
pick whichever you want.  It shouldn't matter which one you pick.  You 
just get a different response.

Let's go get more map pieces.  Why are we getting them?  Well, one is to 
be able to find things easier.  And the second, you'll find out later, 
when you start forming your party.  Go down to the town center map.  
Take a look at the map for this area and you'll see there are two exits 
go the west.  Take the northern west exit off this map.  Go in a 
southwest direction following the path until you come to a building that 
looks like a temple.  Go inside and search the bookshelves to find a map 
piece.  Leave the temple and go to the northwest to the map west of the 
town center map.  Look for another temple-like building and go in.  
Inside is a fortune teller.  Pay the man, he'll give you your fortune, 
and offers you a map piece.

Now you're free until around 7:30 pm when someone from the castle comes 
to pick you up for the dinner that Xelpherpolis invited you to.  Watch 
what happens during dinner.  After all that, there's an explosion.  
Watch it play out.  After all this is done, you're free again.  If you 
have enough time, I suggest paying a visit to the bar.  You need to get 
there before 12 am.  If you don't make it, it's okay.  Just do it before 
the end of the second week between 8 pm and 12 am.

In order to get there, start from the town center map and go south of 
that big statue.  Follow the path to the east and you'll change to 
another map block.  Continue east over the bridge and through the 
bazarre.  Then go south and you should see a cobblestone path.  Follow 
it for a while.  If you arrive see a squarish block of water surrounded 
by a fence (this is the pond, keep it in memory for now), you've gone 
too far.  You'll need to go back one map block.  Go a bit to the east 
and one of the buildings here is the bar.  You'll get a cut scene where 
you meet Claire.  After that's done, go up to the lady behind the 
counter to the west and buy some liquor.  Go back and talk to Claire 
again and watch the scene play out.

-Day Five-

"The wedding day is finally here..."

At 6 am, you'll be shown a cut scene with Xelpherpolis and Loreille.  
And then you have free time until 9 am.  Why not spend this time getting 
another map piece?  Simply take the same route you took to go to the 
pub, but keep going south, following the cobblestone path to the next 
map block.  Continue following the path until you reach a pond.  There 
should be a man on the north side of that pond.  Talk to him and he'll 
give you a map piece.

If it's between 12 and 6 pm and if you'd like to learn a new song, go 
back to the castle.  Go to the west after passing through the gates 
until Pattimo says something.  When it does say something, don't move.  
Stay at that spot.  Go into your item screen and select Pattimo and play 
a song.  The Princess comes out, says something, and you'll learn a new 
song.  If you play that song, she'll give you an item.

Now let's go get another map piece.  Go into the castle.  On this floor, 
in the room in the southeast, talk to the soldiers.  One of them will 
give you a map piece.

Around 8 pm, you'll be shown another event, so have a watch at that.  
Around 9 pm, you'll be taken to the wedding ceremony, where you'll have 
to play.  Go ahead and select the newest song that's on that list.  
After that's over, watch what happens next.

--------
Week Two
--------

-Day One-

"What the hell?..."

You're on a boat on your way to Pandule.  Prince Xelpherpolis invited 
you to play at his wedding ceremony and you're wondering, "What the 
hell?!"  Basically what happens is Rummy comes and picks you up and 
drops you off at the inn.  You have a chat with Pattimo.  It tells you 
what's happening to the best of its knowledge and you get the lead out 
of there before the innkeeper comes in and starts babbling.

Around 5 pm, Rummy comes to pick you up to meet Xelpherpolis and 
Loreille, again.  You can use the /\ button to fast forward through the 
events if you don't want to watch them (you did read the Controls 
section, right?).  After this event, leave the castle and go to the town 
center.  Do you remember that building that looks like one of those city 
hall type buildings that you pass by when you go to the inn from the 
town center?  To get your money, it has to be before 8 pm.  Go in there 
and talk to the guy sitting down and he'll give you your payment.

Why not start recruiting people for your party?  Let's start with the 
one named Kyte.  If it's between 6 and 10 pm on days one, two, or three, 
follow these directions.  Take the same route you took to go to the bar, 
but continue on like you were going for the map piece.  Keep going and 
you'll eventually reach the docks where you arrived.  Go past that to a 
building that has a row boat on it.  Once inside, an event will occur.  
So play them a song and drink that drink.  Then he'll tell you his name 
and when you can go get him.  For those of you who can't remember, it's 
days one through three.

If it's still before midnight, go back to the bar and talk to Claire.  
She'll tell you to take a visit at her watch shop later on.  Remember 
this bit of info.  Now comes the hard part.  Recruiting Rummy.  I 
suggest that you do this right after you leave the bar.

-Day Two-

You have to go through the map with the Forest Ruins on it.  Follow the 
path until you change map blocks.  You should have exited to the north.  
Follow the path and cross the bridge.  Now travel in a northeasterly 
direction until you change map blocks again.  This time, go east until 
you hit the shore and just wait here until about 7 am where an event 
will happen with Rummy.  As a side note, this area should look like the 
area where you were during week one when you were brought to this area 
as an auto event.  After getting her in your party, go north to the Sea 
Ruins and watch the ceremony again.  Bagoth will talk to you again, 
blah, blah.  You'll automatically be taken to your meeting when the time 
arrives.  Pick "No" again.

After the meeting, rush down to the second floor and go to the northwest 
area.  Enter the room to the north and talk to the soldiers there, then 
go to the room to the west and speak with Ano.  After you finish there, 
run out of the castle.  Rummy may come and find you here and ask you to 
meet her at the restaurant again.  Anyway, go east around to the back of 
the castle and speak to the guy next to the plant.  His name's Jailson.  
After you speak to him, examine the plant and you'll fight it.  After 
the fight, examine Jailson's body to find a key.  Go back into the 
castle, turn east, then north, and Jailson's room should be on the first 
door on the left.  Search around for Jailson's clothes.  Once you have 
them, go back to the area before going into the room that Ano is in and 
select Jailson's clothes in your item screen.  You'll see an event and 
receive a key from Ano.

Now make your way go the restaurant and wait outside till about 7:25 pm.  
Go in and Rummy will be upstairs.  You'll have dinner again, but this 
time will be a bit different.  When she asks if you think she's weaker 
than the Princess, pick "No".  You can pick "Yes" if you like, but "No" 
is nicer.  Then you'll walk her home.  Get ready for the next day.

-Day Three-

If it's between 6 am and 12 pm and if you remember the way, go back to 
the docks and get Kyte.  He'll be to the east of the docks.  Speak to 
him and he'll join your group.  Now you need to convince him, so go back 
to the castle and go to the east after passing through the gates.  Go as 
if you were going to talk to Jailson, but instead go into the first door 
you see.  You'll get into a fight to convince Kyte and you'll be able to 
recruit him any time from now on.  To upgrade hiw weapon, you'll have to 
buy different types of fish.  Don't ask.  I hardly used him.

If it's still before 12 pm and if you have at least 2000 G, go to the 
map directly south of the town center.  For future reference, Rummy's 
house is the second house on the west when you enter this map.  Anyway, 
go into the first building on the right, and exit through the northeast 
to get to the beach.  Go south to a building that has a roof that's 
blue.  Inside, buy something from the shop owner.  You don't have to buy 
a lot, just something.  Quit the menu and you should get the option to 
purchase a map piece.  Purchase it.

Now, go on to Rummy's house between 12 and 6 pm.  You should get some 
kind of event where you hear her talk.  Okay, that's that.  If it's 
before 6 pm, pay Claire a visit.  Follow these directions.  From Rummy's 
house, go north to the town center map.  From there, go west until you 
change to another map block.  Continue on west and you should get to a 
building.  This is Claire's watch shop.  Remember where this building 
is.  It will serve as your base of operations later in the game.  The 
door should be unlocked so go in.  You'll be shown an event.  After it's 
done, exit the building.  You'll be shown another event and you will now 
be able to recruit Claire into your party like Kyte.  Go back into her 
shop and you'll be shown another event and be able to recruit her.  Her 
weapon upgrade shop is two buildings west of the restaurant.

-Day Four-

Between 12 and 6 pm you'll need to go to Rummy's room in the castle.  
It's located on the first floor, so you'll need to go one floor down 
from the entrance.  Once on the first floor, head to the southeast 
corner.  Her room is the one to the east in the southeastern corner.  
You'll see an event.  After she leaves, read the note on the desk, then 
examine the flower.  You'll get into a fight.  Kill it and you'll 
receive an item.  Next, you'll need to find the kitchen.  It's on the 
same floor, but in the northwest corner.  You'll find it.  It has two 
cooks in it.

Between 7 and 8 pm, make sure you're in there.  Talk to the chefs in 
there and they'll direct you to the cups.  Examine the cups, select the 
middle option, and you'll fight the flower again.  Not a hard fight.  
After that, it'll cut to dinner.  Then you'll see what transpires and 
after that, you'll be able to recruit Rummy.  As a side note, Rummy's 
weapon upgrade shop is on the town center map.  It's to the east of the 
big statue thing and a bit to the south.  The entrance to the building 
is on the west.

-Day Five-

Nothing really important here except the wedding and time looping again.

----------
Week Three
----------

-Day One-

Just a recap, if you saw a beam of light and a message saying "so-and-
so" has been released from the time loop or something to that equivalent 
after the steps above for Rummy, Kyte, and Claire, then you actually 
were able to recruit them.

Okay, moving on.  Someone should come to meet you at the docks when you 
first arrive.  In my game, it was Claire.  You'll go back to the inn and 
have a conversation and you'll see Rinna listen in.  After that event, 
head downstairs and talk to the innkeeper.  After that event, check your 
items.  If you don't have the spare key that was given to you by Ano 
from the previous week, then you'll have to do those events again.  Just 
go back up to Week Two Day Two for the reminder.

Anyway, let's go recruit another character.  Follow these steps.  From 
the inn, go to the west and up the ramp.  From the ramp go east until 
you change map blocks.  From here go east until you see a ramp.  Go up 
the ramp and head west until you change map blocks again.  Keep going 
west until you change map blocks one more time.  On this map block, you 
should see a monument in the middle.  Go past this to the northwest part 
of the area.  It should lead off to a forest path.  Follow this path to 
the southwest until you reach a house.  If anyone is in your party, you 
must remove them.  Make sure the time is between 12 and 6 pm then talk 
to the guy outside and he'll tell you that this house belongs to Plosi, 
the name of the character you'll recruit next.

You'll see an event.  After the event, go get either Rummy or Claire.  
Claire's probably easier to find right now, so go get her.  You do 
remember where her watch shop is, right?  Once you have her, go back to 
Plosi's house.  Best to do this in one day.  Anyway, once you get back 
and see the event, remember that you need to return here on day three 
between 6 and 9 am.

-Day Two-

Nothing special here.  You should get the meeting with General Bagoth 
event again around 1 pm.  Again, answer "No" when you get the chance.  
This event will be a bit different.  Also, if you found that you didn't 
have the spare key, do the events above again.  Have fun with this 
stuff.

-Day Three-

Okay, now some action.  Go back to Plosi's house on this day between 6 
and 9 am.  Watch the event here and you'll be able to recruit him from 
now on.

After you recruit Plosi, go back to Claire's watch shop and you should 
get an event involving Claire's magic mirror.  This thing makes it 
possible to recruit members that you've "freed" from the time loop 
engulfing the island into your party without going out to hunt them 
down.  Remember this.  It will make life easier.  Also, I would like to 
add the reminder about the Time Vault.  Store the items on you that are 
perishable.  Key items and equipable items will not be afffected by the 
time loop.  The other stuff will disappear.

Around 7 pm, go back to the inn and talk to the innkeeper to see an 
event.  After that's done, open up your map and take a look at the map 
block that has the Forest Ruins on it.  If you notice, on the southern 
part of the map is a path that has a small pond at the end of it.  That 
is your destination so get there as fast as you can.  Once you arrive, 
you'll be shown an event introducing Grantus.

You may or may not get into a battle.  I can't remember.  After the 
event finishes, you'll be shown another event and you should end up in 
the inn.

-Day Four-

During the day, do pretty much whatever you like.  Around 7 pm, go up to 
the castle.  After you pass through the gates, turn west and follow this 
path around to the side of the castle.  It should bring you to the door 
that General Bagoth came out of during week one where he died.  What you 
need to do is go in that door, go up the huge flight of stairs and wait 
by the door until 8 pm.  When the time arrives, Bagoth should be up 
there.  Talk to him, then enter the door.  You'll be shown an event, get 
into a fight (not with Bagoth), then be able to recruit the General.  To 
get to his weapon upgrade shop, you'll need to go past Rummy's house, 
past the building after, turn into and follow the path going west after 
the building past Rummy's house.  Follow it west until you change map 
blocks and his upgrade shop is the first house on the house.

-Day Five-

Nothing of interest on this day except Rinna waking up and time looping 
again.

---------
Week Four
---------

-Day One-

Okay, recapping once again.  Members you should already have: Claire, 
Rummy, and Kyte.  New people: Plosi, Bagoth, and Rinna.

Well, Rinna should be meet you at the docks when you arrive yet again.  
Now, I suggest leveling up and exploring the island outside of the town.  
Go back to Claire's watch shop and use the magic mirror.  Be sure to put 
Rummy in your party.  You'll need to learn a certain skill called Power 
Jump.  What this skill does is "power jumps" you from the map you're on 
to any other map that you already have.  The skills you need to have 
them learn are in BAnderson's Walkthru, but I'll list the steps here.  
With Rummy, use her Hard Punch attack until you learn the move called 
High Kick.  Now use that until she learns the move called Diving Kick.  
Use that move in a battle and you (meaning Mouse) should learn the Power 
Jump skill.  The only drawback to this move is that you lose 100 HP 
every time you use it.

Anyway, for now, I suggest putting Rummy and Bagoth into your party.

Once they're in there, go to the map block south of the town center and 
follow the path all the way down until you get to two buildings.  Go in 
between the buildings then go west until you see a guard.  Talk to him 
with Rummy and Bagoth in your party and he should let you through.  You 
are now outside of town.  Once you get to the next map block, random 
battles will start occuring.  Try not to miss any chests since some of 
them will have map pieces in them.  If you get lost, you can always 
check your map.

You should try to find the Hunter's Village on this day.  It's located 
on the western side of the island.  You'll need to move north, go 
westward once you can't go north any father, then go south.  If you make 
it to a forest, you're on the right track.  Follow the forest out to a 
beach, continue south but stick close to the shrubbery.  It should take 
you into the Hunter's Village.  If you make it there between the times 
12 and 6 pm, talk to everyone.  One person will sell you the map piece 
for that block for 1000 G.  Another person should tell you about the 
Golden Bird and where you can find it.  And another person should tell 
you what times the bird is there.  Remember, the Golden Bird lands at 
the old church by the cemetery between 12 and 5:59 am.

Hey, let's go get another map piece while we have some time.  On the 
eastern side of the Hunter's Village is an exit going north.  Take it 
and follow the path to its end.  At the end is a house that belongs to 
"witch".  Search the house for a map piece and talk to her if you want 
to restore any HP and MP.

Now go back to Hunter's Village and go back two map blocks north.  On 
this map block, look for a sign that has "West - Cemetery" or something 
to that equivalent on it.  It should be a path that's going to the west.  
Take it and go all the way to the end.  You should see a guard.  If you 
followed my advice and put Rummy and Bagoth in your party, you should 
have no trouble getting past the guard.  Go into the building and search 
around for some items.  Talk to the person in there to get a map piece.

-Day Two-

Around midnight, you'll see the Golden Bird fly in.  Just be patient and 
wait for it to land.  Once it does, examine it and you'll get into a 
fight.  Win and you'll receive a golden feather.  Okay, you just 
completed the hardest part in recruiting Ano, the magic scientist.

You can continue to roam around and find more map pieces if you like.  
If you leave this map block to the north and continue to the east, you 
should run into another "witch"'s house.  There's another map piece in 
there, so just search around.

To the east is the swamp.  There's at least three map pieces in there.  
Just explore, they're not all in one place.  When you go out the east 
exit of the swamp, talk to the guard there if it's still day time to get 
the map piece for that block.  To the east of the swamp is another house 
that has "witch" inside.  Her house also has a map piece.  If you 
continue south from here to the map block south of the block that has 
the witch's house, you can find another map piece in a chest.  A bit to 
the east of where you found the map piece should be some dirt.  That 
leads to a path.  Take and follow the eastern fork.  When you reach 
another fork, take the eastern one again.  (I'm not too sure about that 
last sentence.  There may or may not be a second fork.  If there isn't, 
please disregard.)  Follow the path until you find a single house.  Yep, 
another witch house.  Go find the map piece inside.  Okay, that's as far 
as you need to go on this side of the map for now.

Going back to the map block that has the sign with "Cemetery" on it, if 
you go south from there and follow the path going to the east (you'll 
also go north and east again), you should find another town called 
Coalmine.  One of the buildings here has the map piece for this map 
block.  Okay, let's head back to town now.  Power jump if you learned 
it, otherwise, it's the long road for you.  Otherwise you can just roam 
around ahd level up a bit more.

-Day Three-

Okay, I hope you remember where Ano's office in the castle was.  You'll 
need to go in there between 12 and 6 pm on this day.  Go in there, talk 
to him, and watch the conversation.  After that's done, go into the next 
room and speak to the guard sitting at the desk.  Now leave the castle 
and go back to the town center map.  You'll have to go look for the pen 
shop now.  Follow these directions.

Go as if you were going to Bagoth's weapon upgrade shop, but instead of 
going into that building, continue on the path.  You should be going to 
the west, then north, up a ramp and in a southerly direction.  One of 
these buildings has a picture of a feather pen on it.  It's on the 
easter side of the street/path.  This is the pen shop.  Go in and talk 
to the guy.  Since you already have the golden feather, it'll just skip 
the intermediary part.  Anyway, come back in six hours.

Once you have the pen, there's not much more to do on this day.

-Day Four-

If you would like to recruit Beak and Fang, follow these directions.  
They're not essential to passing the game, but you can recruit them if 
you like.  Otherwise skip this day entirely and do something else like 
leveling people up or upgrading weapons or learning new skills.  Or if 
you'd like to see the different endings, I suggest creating a save file 
now.  One for recruiting Beak and Fang, and the other one without them.

First, make sure Kyte is not in your current party.  Now, you'll need to 
be at the map block four blocks north and one block west of the town 
center between 12 and 6 pm.  This is the north beach.  When you arrive 
between these times, you'll see an event with Kyte.  And that's that.  
Do what you like for the rest of the day.

-Day Five-

Nothing really of interest here.  Time loops yet again.  As a note, from 
here on out, I will no longer be naming what week it is.  I'll just be 
putting up what day you should do what and what should happen, blah, 
blah, blah.

---------
Next Week
---------

-Day One-

If you wish to still recruit Beak and Fang, follow the walkthru for this 
week.  Otherwise skip down to "Alternate Next Week or The Next Week".

When you arrive at the docks again, go to the east of them to where Kyte 
usually is.  You'll notice that he isn't there, but someone else is in 
his usual spot.  Talk to him.

Now power jump to the map block southeast of the block with the eastern 
swamp exit.  If you haven't learned that skill yet, you'll have to walk.  
Take the southern exit and when you reach the fork, take the western 
path.  When you reach another fork, take the eastern path and follow it 
all the way to the village.  Welcome to the Woodcutter's Village.  Talk 
to everyone.  If it's still before 12 pm, go into the house closest to 
the lift and there should be a person inside.  Talk to him to receive a 
map piece of this block.

Now go talk to the people to the west of the lift.  One of them will ask 
you to go to the blacksmith to get the broken lift parts.  Accept the 
request.  Now, power jump (otherwise you'll have to walk all the way 
back around to town) to the town center and go to your blacksmith.  Talk 
to the person behind the counter to receive the parts.  Unfortunately, 
you'll have to pay out of your own pocket.  Now power jump (or walk) 
back to the Woodcutter's Village, if you were able to get the map.  Talk 
to that guy again and he'll give you an item.  If it's still before 12 
pm, go directly east of those guys and you should find a guy chopping 
wood.  If it's after 12 pm, you'll find two guys standing on the eastern 
side of the lift.  Anyway, talk to the people and one of them should 
give you a new song.  If it's already past 12 pm on this day, then wait 
till the next day to go do the next steps.

-Day Two-

Now power jump (from now on, I'm going to assume you have this skill) to 
the northernmost map block of the swamp that you have and exit out of 
the north exit of the swamp.  Follow the path all the way to the 
village.  This is the Abandoned Village.  Find a tree on the northern 
part of this village that has kinda big mushrooms.  Play the new song 
you received in front of it and you'll be shown an event.  Go into the 
light and you'll enter the Celestial Village (not sure if it's the name, 
but it's the village with the celestial citizens).

Talk to everyone outside first.  One of the people will be selling a map 
of this block for 1000 G.  Find the house in the southwest corner and 
you should see an event.  Now find a building that has a shed behind of 
it.  Go in and talk to the man in there.  He'll make you an offer for 
10,000 G.  If you have the funds, go for it.  You'll be shown an event 
and you'll be on a small island off of Pandule.

Go to the west and you'll see some constructions.  Go in the door.  Be 
prepared for this dungeon.  It can get confusing, so remember where you 
entered it.  Once inside, you'll need to go to each corner of this giant 
maze and activate four switches.  I suggest going clockwise from the 
southwest because once you activate the four switches, you'll need to go 
down on level via the stairs closest to the southeast switch.  You'll 
also find a pool on this level.  You can restore HP/MP and save at this 
thing.  Don't forget how to get out of here.

Well, go down one floor via the stairs closest to the southeast stairs.  
You'll find four set of stairs.  Down each one is a chest with a switch 
inside.  You'll need to go down each of the stairs and activate all the 
switches.  Once you're done that, you'll need to go back up to the first 
floor.

Take the stairs in the northeast down.  Follow the path and you'll come 
to a warp.  Take it and you'll appear in a rocky area.  Follow the only 
path you have.  When you reach a fork, go south.  When you reach another 
fork, go to the east.  You should automatically be shown an event, then 
get into a boss fight with Kyte in your party.

After you beat the boss, you'll need to manually make your way back out 
to the surface.  Once outside, watch the event.  When you see the name 
entry screen, just enter the names you'd like for Beak and Fang.  You 
won't be able to get them recruited now, but you'll see them later.  
You'll also receive two map pieces from Kyte for that island you were 
on.

-Days Three to Five-

There's nothing really left to do for the remaining days, so just level 
up, upgrade weapons, and the next week should come soon enough.

------------------------------------
Alternate Next Week or The Next Week
------------------------------------

-Day One-

For those of you not recruiting Beak and Fang, this is the Alternate 
Next Week.  For those of you continuing on after going through that 
dungeon on the island, this is The Next Week.

Anyway, make your way to the inn.  Around 12 pm, talk to the innkeeper 
and he should give you an item.  After he does, go to Claire's watch 
shop and talk to her.  You should see an event.  Put some people in your 
party, go outside the shop, and power jump to the map block east of the 
block that has the Woodcutter's Village.  If you're not past the witch's 
house, go past it and just follow the path.  When you reach the forest, 
you'll see an event and get into a fight.  After the fight, you'll meet 
Gallhint.

After the event, continue up to the next map block and make your way up 
the map in a northeasterly direction and you should arrive at Gallhint's 
Fortress.  Gallhint's in one of the buildings.  In the building he's in, 
search around and you'll find a map piece of this block.

That's pretty much it for this day.

-Day Two-

Not much to do on this day.

-Day Three-

Between 12 and 6 pm, go back to Gallhint's Fortress and talk to 
Gallhint.  You'll be shown an event.  That's the major thing for today.

After that, I suggest going to the map block north of this block.  
Search this area for a map piece.  There's also an entrance to a 
dungeon.  I suggest doing this now while you have time.  Plus, it'll 
make it easier on you later.  Don't forget to go in there without other 
people in your party.  Unfortunately, I won't be able to give you 
precise directions for this dungeon, especially if you want to get all 
the items in the chests.  If the enemies here are giving you trouble, 
then you haven't levelled up enough yet.

Well, when you make it out, just follow the path and grab the map piece 
in the only chest on this block.  On the next block is another witch's 
house.  Go in and talk to her.  I'm not exactly sure, but either the map 
piece in her house is somewhere in the furniture or you have to purchase 
it from her.

-Days Four and Five-

Nothing really important except time looping again.

---------
Next Week
---------

-Day One-

Nothing really important happens here.  Do what you like today.

-Day Two-

If you are in town between 1 and 4 pm, you'll see an event involving 
you, Rinna, and Zenne, Gallhint's girlfriend.  After the conversation 
ends, head to Gallhint's Fortress and talk to him.  After that 
conversation ends, you're pretty much free until the next day.

-Day Three-

The whole day is pretty much open.  When it's 7 pm, make your way to the 
castle and wait until 7:45 pm.  At that time, you'll see the event with 
Gallhint crashing the wedding dress ceremony, only it's a bit different 
this time.  Then you get into a fight with Xelpherpolis.  After the 
fight, watch the next event.  Go after Rummy.

-Day ?-

Watch the event play out.  When it finishes, go outside and you'll see 
another event.  After it's finished, you can go down to the docks.  
Unfortunately you can't power jump.  Also, if you look at your 
clock/compass, you'll see that the day number has been replaced by a 
question mark.

Anyway, head down to the docks and you can talk to the swimmer.  Beat 
him in a swimming race and he'll reward you with a D.H. Egg.  It may 
take a few tries unless you are that damn good.

Another place to visit is the gym.  It's to the east of the inn.  Go in 
and you can take part in the tournament that they're holding.  You have 
to go through five rounds and it's not hard.  Once you've finished with 
that, you'll see an event.

-Day ?-

Don't you hate it when things repeat?  If you didn't get to do the 
swimming race yet, go ahead and try it out.  Otherwise to go Claire's 
watch shop.  Go to the time vault and take out the item called 
"Princess' Watch".  Watch the event.  You'll end up on a beach with 
Rummy.  Watch that event, and when you have to select a choice, I 
suggest picking the first one.

For those of you that went through the steps above where you named Beak 
and Fang, this part's for you.  Return to the inn and go upstairs.  
Otherwise, you'll see an event involving Beak, Mouse's (or your chosen 
name for him) friend and fellow thief.  He's part of your party now and 
using the single bed.  So if you want to rest from now on, you'll have 
to use the double bed.

I couldn't remember what day it was, so just do what you want for the 
remainder of the week.

---------
Next Week
---------

-Day One-

You'll see an event.  Watch it play out.  After it finishes, go to Ano's 
room in the castle and talk to him.  After you finish talking to him, go 
to the witch's house that's five blocks north and two blocks east from 
the town center map.  Remember this place?  Go in and talk to her.  
She'll ask you to rank her daughter's by the most beautiful.  Their 
names are Lilac, Alumeria, Lupinas (or it might be Lupinus), and 
Helenum.  It doesn't have to be in that order, but spelling does count.  
If you get one name spelled wrong, you'll have to start over again.

Anyway, once you're done with that, she'll give you the book you need, 
so go back and talk to Ano.  He'll tell you go return in 24 hours.  So 
go play or something.

-Day Two-

After the 24 hours have passed, go visit Ano again and watch the event 
play out.  Go get some party members.  Put whoever you like in there, 
but you must have Rummy.  Now go power jump to Ano's Ruins (in my 
opinion, it's the fastest dungeon to complete, but also the hardest in 
terms of enemies).  It's on the same map block as the Woodcutter's 
Village.  Go in and examine the wall.  Then leave and power jump to the 
map block south of the town center.  Make your way to Rummy's house and 
instead of going inside, go around to the backyard.  Then go to the 
southeastern corner, past the laundry and search.  You should find an 
item.

Once you have the item, go back to Ano's Ruins and examine the wall 
again.  After the explosion, go back in.  It's kind of like a giant 
maze.  There's stairs on the western side of the floor, so make your way 
there and go down one floor.

The rooms in here are set up like a clock.  So go into the 3:00 room and 
step on a switch.  Now go to the 10:00 room and step on two switches.  
Go back to the 3:00 room and step on a different switch and you should 
get a message saying something like "something has moved" or something 
to that equivalent.  Now go into the 12:00 room.  Go towards the 
pedestal and right as you reach it, you'll get into a boss fight.  When 
you win, grab the item.  You'll see the event.  Now go back outside.

Once you're outside, power jump to the east swamp exit.  Look for a path 
that goes west in the shrubbery/woods on the west side of the map block.  
Go in and follow the path.  Make your way to the wall and examine.  
After the explosion, go back in.  Welcome to the Forest Ruins.  It's 
confusing and the enemies are annoying.  I can't quite remember it, but 
I'll do my best to guide you.

Go north until you hit the shrubbery wall, then go in an easterly 
direction.  Your destination is a carved rock thing that you can talk 
to.  Answer the questions in this order: no, no, [select an answer], 
yes.  Now you'll have to go south, then west, then south again, then to 
the east, and when you can north to another map block.  If you find 
another carved rock, don't talk to it.  If you did already, select "No".  
Anyway, look around here for the next item on a pedestal.  The same 
thing will happen.  You approach it and get into a boss fight.  After 
you win, grab the item and you'll see an event.  Now you'll need to go 
back to that first rock you talked to and pick "Yes" to reset the trees 
so you can leave the Forest Ruins.

-Day Three-

Once you're back on the east swamp exit map block, power jump to the 
village of Coalmine.  Once you're there, go into the mine.  You'll need 
to go down two or three floors.  On the southwestern part, you'll find 
the entrance to the Water Ruins.  Examine the wall and go back in after 
the explosion.

You'll need to go down one floor.  Once you're on that level, you'll 
need to find two switches.  One is in the northwest and the other is in 
the southeast.  Go for the northwest one first.  Then the southeast.  A 
warp will appear to the north of the southeast switch once they're both 
activated.  Take it.

This floor has a nice tile pattern.  It also has four switches.  You'll 
need to press in order from the southeast switch counterclockwise.  
After you've done that, exit out the northeast path to the next room.  
If you see blue (that's water) in the middle, then you'll need to go 
back and hit the switches in order again.  Then the water should be 
emptied.

In that room, just follow the path down collecting the items in the 
chest.  Once you get to the bottom, you'll need to go up that little 
hill in the middle.  Approach the pedestal and you'll get into another 
boss fight.  After you win, grab the item and you'll see another event.  
Now you have the long and tedious task of making your way back out of 
the Water Ruins and out of the mine.

Now you can do whatever you want for the rest of the day.  Nothing 
interesting is going to really happen until day four.

-Day Four-

Be sure to hang around town today.  Around 8 pm, a soldier will tell you 
to go to the inn.  Once there, watch the event.  Choose "Yes" when you 
get the option.  Now, just do whatever until day five.  Go down to the 
beach.  You do remember how to get there, right?  When you get there, go 
north and one of the buildings here has an item called the Wish Flower.  
Buy that if you wish to recruit Grantus.  If not, don't worry about this 
item.  If you do buy it, put it in the time vault so you don't have to 
go buy it again.  You can sleep, that makes the time pass by quicker.

-Day Five-

At 5 am, you'll automatically be taken to the Ano Ruins.  Watch the 
event and then you'll get into a fight with Grantus.  Watch the scene 
after you win.  Grantus should give you a key.  You should be taken to 
the castle automatically, if not, power jump there.  You should have an 
event with everyone outside the eastern door.  Rummy's going with you, 
so choose another person.

Once you're inside, you'll need to go up two floors (the third floor).  
Go into the throne room and go through the western door.  Just follow 
the path from there to get to Princess Loreille's room.  Once you have 
her, make your way back out the same way you came in.  Watch the event 
and then you'll get into a fight.  After the fight, watch the next 
event.

---------
Next Week
---------

-Day One-

At the beginning of this day, you should be shown an event right off the 
bat.  After the conversation ends you'll be give these options:

Change party members
Use Time Vault
Exit Claire's Shop

or something like that.  Make sure you have two other people with you 
before you leave Claire's watch shop because you won't be able to return 
here until day three.

-Day Two-

Not much to do here.

-Day Three-

Go back to Claire's shop some time in the morning and watch the event.  
If you've already done all three of the dungeons above, then talk to 
Claire two more times to give her the other two treasures.  
Unfortunately, you won't be able to go into the World of Darkness just 
yet.

We have time, so let's go talk to an old friend.  Power jump to 
Gallhint's fortress and go into the southern building.  You'll see an 
event.  After that's done, you won't really have much left to do.

-Days Four and Five-

Not much to do.

---------
Next Week
---------

From now on, I will no longer be listing days.  I will just be listing 
events.  And I think I will also stop doing the "Next Week" thing, as 
well.

-----------------
World of Darkness
-----------------

You'll see an event with you, Claire, and your new friend Lloyd.  After 
that event and go to Claire's shop.  If you want to recruit Grantus, 
take the wish flower out of the time vault, power jump to Ano's Ruins 
and place the flower on his grave by facing his grave and selecting the 
wish flower in your item menu.  Return to Claire's shop and talk to her 
to go into the World of Darkness.  Hopefully she'll ask you who you'll 
want to take.  Select anyone and she should say no, that's not the right 
person.  Gallhint should show up and he and Claire should join the party 
and you are whooshed to the World of Darkness.

The World of Darkness is a mirror of the island of Pandule except now 
it's one large dungeon.  I hope you remembered the way to Plosi's house 
because that's the direction we're going in.  But instead of going on 
that forest path, go up to the bird statue thing and examine it.  You'll 
get into a fight with Twinboom.  After that's done, go back to Claire's 
shop and examine the mirror to get back to the real Pandule.  Use the 
mirror again to put Beak in your party, if you recruited him.  Otherwise 
just make your way to the bird statue here in the real Pandule.

Examine the statue and you'll get into a fight with the real Twinboom.  
If you have Beak, after a few rounds you'll see an event showing the 
entrance of Fang and you'll continue the fight with him in your party.  
After the fight, Mouse (you) or Fang (if you recruited Beak) will crush 
Twinboom and you should find a key in his remains.

You should see an event next involving snow.

------------------
To Save A Princess
------------------

You'll be shown another event involving Jawarro and Princess Loreille.  
Now you have to get to the castle.  Get your party members and let's go.  
Go to the map that has the restaurant on it and go past it into the 
forest.  Go towards the northwest to the next map block.  Then enter the 
eastern door of the castle.  From here, you'll need to go downstairs to 
the basement.  Go west from the stairs until you reach two doors, one on 
the north and the other to the south.

Enter the southern doors.  In this room are three more rooms with 
carpets on them.  Once you step on the carpet, you'll get into a boss 
fight.  After each boss fight, open the chest and grab the item.  Once 
you've gotten all three keys, exit this room and go through the north 
doors and continue on to the outside.  This area is where the wedding is 
held every week.  Go through the doors on the other side and continue on 
to the next room.

This place is confusing, so the best advice is I can give for this area 
is to follow the left wall.  The first pedestal you'll need to insert 
one of the items into should be to the west.  Just face the pedestal and 
select one of the three keys from your items.  One of them should work.  
Just follow the left wall since it will bring you to the other two.  
Please note: do not go up any stairs.  After you've put in the last key, 
just make your way to the east, then south and you should see the other 
party members waiting by a door.  If you go east and south of them, 
you'll find a healing pool.  Heal and save if you need to, then go back 
to them and you'll go into the room.  You'll see the three dragons and 
fight them one at a time.  In between fights, you'll get to select your 
party members.  After the fights, go up the stairs in this room.  From 
here, just continue to go up.  Don't miss any chests on the way up.

Once you make it to the top, you'll be shown an event.  You'll then get 
into three fights with Jawarro.  In the first fight, don't target her.  
Just kill those other things around her.  In the second fight, don't 
target her but the arms on her back.  In the third fight, now you can 
target her.

After you've won, you'll be shown another event.  Then Xelpherpolis will 
enter and you'll be shown another event.  You'll wake up in front of 
Ano's Ruins.  If you put the wish flower on Grantus' grave, he'll join 
your party now.  Claire and Gallhint are also there.  After the 
conversation ends, select your third party member, then make your way to 
the Woodcutter's Village.  Unfortunately, you are no longer able to 
power jump.

------------------------------
Preparing For The Final Battle
------------------------------

When you reach the Woodcutter's Village, you'll be shown an event with 
the celestial elder.  He'll give you an item.  Now you have to go find 
your other party members.  Well, you don't have to, really, but you can.

Parts of the town are now blocked off by water, so finding a bunch of 
people will be relatively easy now.  Rinna is at her "secret place".  
That pond on the Forest Ruins map east of the town center.  Everyone 
else is in town.  You should be able to find Kyte, Beak, Fang, Bagoth, 
Rummy, and Plosi without too much difficulty.  You'll notice that there 
are some celestial people in town.  Some of them upgrade weapons while 
others sell items.  Use them to your advantage.  One celestial citizen 
to note is the one by Plosi's house.  He sells a recovery item that 
restores 100% health.

Once you think you're gotten enough people, go back to the place where 
you found Bagoth.  To the south, you'll see a plank going up a house.  
Use this to get up to the bridge to the castle.  Once there, enter the 
eastern door again and go down to the basement.  Go out the north door 
and continue on outside.  Go in the opposite door and continue through 
the next door.  Here, you'll see the people you found.  If you wanna 
switch people in your party, talk to the person you want to have in your 
party.

Otherwise, just make your way downstairs.  You should end up just south 
of the healing pool once you make it all the way to the bottom.  This 
place should look familiar.  It's east of where you fought those three 
dragons.  Go to that room again and step onto the symbol in the middle.  
You'll see an event and get into a fight with Xelpherpolis.

Don't worry about losing this battle, you're supposed to.  After you 
lose, you'll be shown an event with Loreille powering you and your party 
members up.  You'll now have the final battle with Xelpherpolis.  If 
you've been leveling people up and learning skills and recovery spells, 
this battle should be a piece of cake.

After you win, you'll be shown another event.  Then the ending.  If you 
have Beak and Fang, the ending will have them in it.  If you don't have 
Beak and Fang, the ending will be similar, but it won't have Beak and 
Fang.  Then the credits roll and that's the end of the game.  
Congratulations on a job well done.

=======
Credits
=======
Konami Computer Entertainment Japan, for developing the game.
BAnderson, for writing a great walkthru for the Japanese version of the 
game.
GameFAQs, for posting this walkthru.
Video Game Strategies, for also posting this walkthru.

=========================
Copyright and Other Stuff
=========================
Ephemeral Fantasia Walkthru (NA version) (c) 2002 by charjer0
Ephemeral Fantasia (c) 2001 by Konami Computer Entertainment Japan
Disclaimer: This FAQ/Walkthru shall not be reproduced without the 
expressed written consent of the creator.

