Title: Final Fantasy XI Nation Mission Guide/FAQ
Author: charjer0
E-mail: charjer@gmail.com
Date:
Version: 1.0

----------
|Contents|
----------
A Brief Explanation of My FAQ
Switching Nations
How to Start a Mission
Skippable Missions
Missions Past Rank 5
Why would I want to complete missions?
A Note on Positions
Terms
Bastok Missions
San d'Oria Missions
Windurst Missions
Credits
Copyright & Other Stuff

-----------------------------
A Brief Explanation of My FAQ
-----------------------------

This FAQ/Guide is for the nation's rank missions.  More specifically, the
missions of the town of Bastok, San d'Oria, and Windurst in Final Fantasy XI.
Missions 3-3, 4-1, 5-1, and 5-2 are the same for each country and can be
completed by people of any of these three nations together.  They will still,
however, be given their own spots in each nation's list of missions.

You must also be a citizen of the nation to do the nation missions.

This guide will not go into quests as this just pertains to missions.  Also,
some directions will be omitted as you should know where places are located
if you're leveling up.

-----------------
Switching Nations
-----------------

It is possible to switch nations.  However, in order to do so, you must first
be on no missions for your current nation.  Then you must travel to the nation
you wish to switch to and pay a certain amount of gil.  The gil varies with the
nation's standing in conquest.  If the nation is in last place, you must pay
four thousand gil.  If the nation is in second place, the cost is twelve
thousand gil.  If the nation is first in conquest, you must pay forty thousand
gil.  You also lose any outpost warps that you've done for your current nation
when you switch.  Any conquest points earned will be saved along with the rank
of your former nation should you want to switch back eventually.

----------------------
How to Start a Mission
----------------------

To start a mission, talk to one of the many mission NPCs found by the gates.
They are found close to the NPCs that cast signet on you.  Once you get past
rank one, you'll need to first raise your rank point bar by either trading
crystals to the signet guards or by doing repeatable missions.

------------------
Skippable Missions
------------------

Some missions are skippable.  You can skip them by either doing repeatable
missions over and over again until you have enough rank points to do the last
mission for that particular rank or you can trade crystals to the signet guards
to fill up your rank point bar.

--------------------
Missions Past Rank 5
--------------------

Here's a little note about the rank missions past rank five.  The original
release of Final Fantasy XI was just Final Fantasy XI and the missions ended at
the Shadow Lord fight.  With the release of the Rise of the Zilart expansion,
more rank missions were added that included the expansion areas.  To do these
missions, you would need to have the Rise of the Zilart expansion installed and
registered.

--------------------------------------
Why would I want to complete missions?
--------------------------------------

Every time you gain a rank, you get rewarded with gil.  Everyone likes money and
that's one of the most difficult things to get in this game.  When you get to
rank ten, you also get your nation's flag.  When you place it in your mog house,
it gives you the added effect of conquest points +10%.  You get a little more
conquest points every time you kill things with signet cast on you and you can
use your conquest points to buy certain items that you wouldn't normally be able
to purchase otherwise such as a signet staff or the nation's aketon or the more
recent experience rings (empress and chariot bands).

-------------------
A Note on Positions
-------------------

In my Guide/FAQ, I'll use positions, such as G-10 or F-8.  This refers to the
grid coordinates on your map.  The map command /map can be used to bring up your
map.  If you do not have a map of the area, you'll see "NO MAP" instead.
However, your current location will still appear in the upper left of the map in
parentheses.

-----
Terms
-----

Here's a brief explanation of game terms I'll be using in this guide.

Aggro:  A monster that will attack you while you either stand, sit, or heal in
        front of it.

Invisible:  A level 25 spell that makes you invisible.

NPC:  It stands for non-playable character.  You'll find many of these around
      towns and certain outdoor/dungeon areas.  Their names are in green.

Sneak:  A level 20 spell that removes sound that you make while moving.

Zone:  Each area is called a zone.  When you change from area to another, it's
       called zoning.

---------------
Bastok Missions
---------------

Mission #:                  1-1
Mission Name:               The Zeruhn Report
Minimum Level Recommended:  5
Requirements:               None

Mission Orders: Collect Overseer Makarim's report from the Zeruhn Mines, in the
                western section of the Bastok Mines District.  Deliver said
                report to Sir Naji, a musketeer stationed near the President's
                Office.

What To Do:  You'll need to enter Zeruhn Mines.  You can find the zone in Bastok
             Mines at D-7.  Head to H-11 where you'll find the NPC Makarim.
             Talk to her and she'll give you her report.  Now, head back out to
             Bastok Mines.  In case you got lost, the zone is at I-7.  Head over
             to the Metalworks, which can be accessed from Bastok Markets at
             H-6/7.  Go up one of the two elevators and head west to the upper
             level.  Go to the farthest building and you'll find Naji.  Talk to
             him to complete the mission.

Reward:      Rank points
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  1-2
Mission Name:               A Geological Survey
Minimum Level Recommended:  15
Requirements:               Complete mission 1-1

Mission Orders:  Assist Chief Engineer Cid in conducting an analysis of the
                 gaseous emissions in the Dangruf Wadi.  Meet with Cid for a
                 more detailed explanation.

What To Do:  Head over to the Metalworks and ride up one of the elevators.  In
             G-8 are the doors to Cid's Lab.  Talk to Cid inside for a cutscene.
             He'll give you a tester (key item).  What you'll need to do is head
             over to Dangruf Wadi and walk around until the tester changes
             color.  So you'll need to constantly check your key items.  Head
             out to South Gustaberg and go to D-9 to zone into Dangruf Wadi.
             Make your way to H-9.  You'll find a geyser there.  Ride up it and
             go forward a ways.  Your tester should have changed.  At this
             point, head back to Cid to complete the mission.

Reward:      Rank points
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  1-3
Mission Name:               Fetichism
Minimum Level Recommended:  20
Requirements:               Complete mission 1-2

Mission Orders:  Hunt the Quadav in the Palborough Mines and collect the four
                 parts of a Quadav fetich.

What To Do:  For this mission, you'll need to go to the Palborough Mines.  The
             zone can be found at K-3 in North Gustaberg.  Exit through Port
             Bastok.  You'll need to head to the upper floors and kill greater,
             veteran, and onyx quadavs.  They drop the fetich pieces you need
             which are the head, arms, legs, and torso.  Also, if you have the
             gil, you can purchase the pieces from the auction house or from a
             bazaar.  Once you have all four pieces, head to Malduc.  He's next
             to Naji, if you remember where he was.  Trade Malduc the pieces to
             complete the mission.

Reward:      Initial completion: Rank 2, 1,000 gil, rank points
             Second completion and afterward: Rank points
Repeatable:  Yes
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  2-1
Mission Name:               The Crystal Line
Minimum Level Recommended:  15
Requirements:               One quarter filled rank point bar

Mission Orders:  Find a section of the strange structure on the Konschtat
                 Highlands that drains the energy from crystals.  Bring a faded
                 crystal back to Chief Engineer Cid for analysis.

What To Do:  You'll need a crystal.  Next, you'll need to head to the nearest
             crag.  In this case, it'll be the Crag of Dem found in Konschtat
             Highlands.  Head to E-6 in South Gustaberg and zone into North
             Gustaberg.  Then head to E-6 to zone into Konschtat Highlands.
             Make your way to I-7 where you'll find the telepoint.  I recommend
             that you examine it as it will give you a key item that will allow
             you to be teleported to the telepoint.  Trade your crystal to the
             telepoint to receive a faded crystal.  Now, head back to the
             Metalworks and trade this to Cid to complete the mission.

Reward:      Rank points
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  2-2
Mission Name:               Wading Beasts
Minimum Level Recommended:  20
Requirements:               Complete mission 2-1

Mission Orders:  Procure a lizard egg from monsters in the Dangruf Wadi.
                 Deliver the egg to Senator Alois in the President's Office.

What To Do:  You'll need to head over to Dangruf Wadi and kill steam lizards.
             They drop the lizard eggs you need for this mission.  They can be
             found in the northern parts of the Dangruf Wadi zone.  Once you
             have one, head to Senator Alois.  He can be found in the
             President's Building.  Trade him the lizard egg to complete the
             mission.

Reward:      Rank points
Repeatable:  Yes
Skippable:   Yes


Mission #:                  2-3
Mission Name:               The Emissary
Minimum Level Recommended:  20
Requirements:               Complete mission 2-1, have a full rank point bar

Mission Orders:  Gather information on San d'Oria and Windurst.  The Bastokan
                 consulates in those two countries will provide you with a
                 detailed briefing.

What To Do:  This mission takes you to the two other nations in the world of
             Vana'diel:  San d'Oria and Windurst.  It's up to you which nation
             you visit first.  I'll post a walkthrough for both.

             San d'Oria:  Head over to San d'Oria.  From Bastok, zone out to
                          South Gustaberg and head to E-6 to zone into North
                          Gustaberg.  Then head to E-6 to zone into Konschtat
                          Highlands.  Make your way to G-3 to zone to Valkurm
                          Dunes.  Make your way to K/L-5, which takes you to the
                          La Theine Plateau.  Take this opportunity to visit the
                          Crag of Holla.  At D-4, you'll find the zone to West
                          Ronfaure.  You can zone into Southern San d'Oria at
                          I-6 or Northern San d'Oria at I-5.  The Bastokan
                          consulate can be found at J-9.  Head in and talk to
                          the people in the back room.  Exit the consulate and
                          head towards the castle to enter Chateau d'Oraguille.
                          Talk to Halver right inside.  Now you'll have to head
                          to Ghelsba Outpost.  Make your way to the topmost part
                          of Ghelsba Outpost, which would be H-7/8.  Find and
                          kill Warchief Vatgit then head back to the Bastokan
                          consulate to complete this leg of the mission.

                          Next, you'll need to head to Windurst.  From San
                          d'Oria, head back to Valkurm Dunes and head to the
                          Selbina zone at G-9.  Board the ferry there.  Exit the
                          port once you reach Mhaura and head to H-6 to zone out
                          to Buburimu Peninsula.  You'll need to make your way
                          to D-7, which will take you to Tahrongi Canyon.  You
                          might want to take this opportunity to head to the
                          Crag of Mea.  Head to H-13 to zone to East
                          Sarutabaruta.  Go to G-11, which is the zone into
                          Windurst Woods.  The Bastokan consulate is located at
                          E-5 in Port Windurst.  Talk to the people in the back
                          room to find out what to do.  You'll need to gather
                          some people together to help you kill a dragon and an
                          ahriman.  When you've got your people, zone out to
                          West Sarutabaruta and zone into Giddeus at F-8.  Make
                          your way to G-12 to zone into Balga's Dais.

                          Make sure that you have level 25 or lower gear before
                          going in as this fight will be capped at level 25.
                          Once everyone's ready, examine the burning circle and
                          select the final rank two mission.  You'll view a
                          cutscene.  It's recommended to sleep the dragon and
                          kill the ahriman first.  Once the ahriman's dead, kill
                          the dragon.  When the dragon's dead, you'll view
                          another cutscene and exit the arena.  Head back to the
                          consulate to complete this leg of the mission.

             Windurst:  Exit from Bastok to South Gustaberg and head to E-6 to
                        zone into North Gustaberg.  Then head to E-6 in North
                        Gustaberg to zone into Konschtat Highlands.  Make your
                        way to G-3, zoning into Valkurm Dunes.  Head to G-9 to
                        enter Selbina and board the ferry.  When it docks in
                        Mhaura, exit out and go to H-6 to zone to Buburimu
                        Peninsula.  You'll want to head to D-7 to reach Tahrongi
                        Canyon.  You may want to take this opportunity to head
                        to the Crag of Mea.  Make your way down to H-13 to zone
                        to East Sarutabaruta.  You can enter Windurst Woods at
                        G-11.  You'll find the Bastokan consulate in Port
                        Windurst at E-5.  Talk to the people in the back room.
                        Exit the consulate and head south to the stairs on the
                        side of the building to find a little Tarutaru NPC
                        there.  He'll warp you to Windurst Walls, which is your
                        next destination.  You'll end up at J-11 in Windurst
                        Walls.  Make your way to H-6 and step into the blue
                        light to zone into Heavens Tower.  You'll view a
                        cutscene upon entry.  Head to the double doors across
                        the way and inside, speak to Kupipi.  Then go back to
                        the Bastokan consul.  Your next destination is Giddeus.

                        Exit to West Sarutabaruta and make your way to F-8 to
                        zone into Giddeus.  Head to G-8 where you'll find a
                        hole.  Fall down.  On the bottom map, head to F-7 where
                        you'll find a Yagudo NPC.  You'll be told to give him an
                        aspir knife.  Your next task is to find Eyy Mon the
                        Ironbreaker and kill him for the aspir knife.  Trade it
                        to the Yagudo NPC.  Then head back to the Bastokan
                        consulate to complete this leg of the mission.

                        Head back to Mhaura and ride the ferry back to Selbina.
                        Zone out to Valkurm Dunes and head to K/L-5 to zone into
                        La Theine Plateau.  Make your way to D-4 to zone into
                        West Ronfaure.  You can enter Northern San d'Oria at I-5
                        and Southern San d'Oria at I-6.  The Bastokan consulate
                        is located in Northern San d'Oria at J-9.  Talk to the
                        people in the back room.  Now you'll have to gather
                        people together to help you kill a dragon and an
                        ahriman.  Once you have your people, zone back out to
                        West Ronfaure and head to E-4 to zone into Ghelsba
                        Outpost.  Head to the topmost part of Ghelsba Outpost
                        and in H-8, go through the tent.  It'll take you through
                        a tunnel that will zone you to Fort Ghelsba.  Head to
                        G-7 where you'll find an elevator.  Ride it up.  Then
                        head to J-8 to zone into Yughott Grotto.  Make your way
                        to J-6 to zone into Horlais Peak.

                        Make sure everyone has level 25 or lower equipment as
                        the fight you will be entering will be capped at level
                        25.  Examine the burning circle once everyone's ready
                        and select the final rank two mission.  You'll view a
                        cutscene.  It's recommended that you sleep the dragon
                        and kill the ahriman first.  Once the ahriman is dead,
                        kill the dragon.  When you win, you'll view a cutscene
                        and be exited from the arena.  Head back to the
                        consulate to complete this leg of the mission.

           When you've completed your tasks at the other two nations, return to
           Bastok and head to Naji in the Metalworks to complete the mission.

Reward:      Rank 3, 3,000 gil, Adventurer's Certificate (key item), rank points
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  3-1
Mission Name:               The Four Musketeers
Minimum Level Recommended:  30
Requirements:               One quarter filled rank point bar

Mission Orders:  You are to join a surprise attack on the Quadav stronghold in
                 Beadeaux.  See Iron Eater in the President's Office for
                 details.

What To Do:  Iron Eater can be found in the Metalworks, past Naji.  Talk to him
             for a cutscene.  Your next destination is Beadeaux.  From Konschtat
             Highlands, head to K-4 to zone into Pashhow Marshlands.  You'll
             find the zone to Beadeaux at K-11.  You may want to be careful if
             you still get aggro in this area.  Your task is to eliminate twenty
             copper quadavs.  If at any time you have to zone, your count will
             continue from where you left off.  Also, the more people you have
             with you on this mission, the easier it will be.  The counter will
             be twenty copper quadavs for everyone, not each person.  Once
             you've reached your twenty kills, zone back out to Pashhow
             Marshlands.  Then head back to Bastok to complete the mission.

Reward:      Rank points
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  3-2
Mission Name:               To the Forsaken Mines
Minimum Level Recommended:  40
Requirements:               Complete mission 3-1

Mission Orders:  Bring back a rare ore from the Gusgen Mines on the Konschtat
                 Highlands.  First ask Davyad, an adventurer residing in the
                 Mines district, how he acquired a load of the ore.

What To Do:  Head over to the mines district and find Davyad in one of the homes
             near the Alchemy guild.  Your next task is to get some hare meat.
             The auction house or bazaars would be your best bet, or you can try
             killing the rodents in Palborough Mines or Dangruf Wadi.  Once you
             have your hare meat, head to Konschtat Highlands to make your way
             to L-7 to zone into the Gusgen Mines.  You may want to have some
             high level help here as everything aggroes to sound here and the
             undead also aggro to low HP regardless of whether you have sneak
             on or not.  Head to J-7 where you'll find a pond and a ??? point.
             Trade your hare meat with the ??? point to spawn an NM pugil named
             Blind Moby.  Kill it and it will drop a chunk of glocolite.  Take
             this back to Bastok and trade it to a mission NPC to complete this
             mission.

Reward:      Rank points
Repeatable:  Yes
Skippable:   Yes


Mission #:                  3-3
Mission Name:               Jeuno
Minimum Level Recommended:  45
Requirements:               Complete mission 3-1, have a full rank point bar

Mission Orders:  You are to be sent to work for the Embassy of Bastok in Jeuno.
                 First obtain a letter of recommendation from the Presidential
                 Aide, Sir Lucius.

What To Do:  South of the President's Office is the Presidential Aide's Office.
             Head inside that building and speak to Lucius.  He'll give you a
             letter to give to the people at the Bastokan Embassy in Jeuno.
             Now, you'll have to make your way over to Jeuno.  Head to K-4 in
             Konschtat Highlands to zone into Pashhow Marshlands.  Make your way
             to L-4 to enter Rolanberry Fields.  The zone to Lower Jeuno can be
             found in K-4.  Head up to Ru'Lude Gardens and speak to the people
             in the Bastokan Embassy.  Your next destination is Delkfutt's Tower
             on Qufim Island.

             You'll need sneak and invisible for the entire climb up if you're
             lower than level 50.  If you have someone helping you who's done
             the mission before, have them lead you up, otherwise, here's some
             directions.  There are monsters in the tower that will aggro to
             magic.

             Zone out to Qufim Island from Port Jeuno.  You'll find the entrance
             to Lower Delkfutt's Tower at F-6.  This the first floor.  Head to
             F-6, going counterclockwise from the entrance to reach some stairs
             to the second floor.  Then head to J-9 to get to the stairs to the
             third floor.  In G-6, you'll find a teleporter.  Use it.

             You're now in Middle Delkfutt's Tower.  Head to the stairs in I-7
             to the fifth floor.  Some paths are blocked, so you'll have to take
             a roundabout path.  On the fifth floor, head to H-9 to the sixth
             floor, then head to the teleporter in F-10.  You're now on the
             seventh floor.  Go straight north to the stairs and go up to the
             eighth floor.  Head east and go up the stairs to the ninth floor.
             Make your way south and go down the stairs back down to the eighth
             floor.  Go west, watch out for the hole, and go up the stairs to go
             back up to the ninth floor.  Then head to the teleporter in F-6.

             You've reached the tenth floor and Upper Delkfutt's Tower.  Go to
             H-7 where you'll find a cermet door.  Go through.  You're looking
             for a different colored gigas named Porphyrion.  He drops six
             Delkfutt keys every time he's killed and repops every fifteen
             minutes.  Keep this in mind if you're doing this in an alliance.
             Once you have your key, trade it to the elevator in H-8 and take
             the stairs all the way down.

             Head through the door.  You're now back on the first floor of the
             tower on the basement level.  Head to L-9 and trade the key to the
             cermet door there for a cutscene.  You can find the exit to the
             first floor in F-8.  Head back to the Bastokan Embassy to complete
             the mission.

Reward:      Rank 4, 5,000 gil, rank points
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  4-1
Mission Name:               Magicite
Minimum Level Recommended:  50
Requirements:               Have a full rank point bar

Mission Orders:  Capture the three magicites in Davoi, Beadeaux, and Castle
                 Oztroja to prevent the Shadow Lord's return.

What To Do:  This mission begins at the Bastokan Embassy in Ru'Lude Gardens.
             Talk to the people in there to receive an Archducal Audience Permit
             (key item).  Head over to the Palace and examine the doors for a
             cutscene.  At this point, you'll need to finish a few quests and
             cutscenes to progress any further in the mission.

             First, head to Upper Jeuno.  Find Baudin in G-7 and talk to him.
             He'll ask for some coeurl meat.  You can go out and kill coeurls,
             or, if you have the money, you can purchase one from the auction
             house.  Trade it to Baudin and he'll give you a Crest of Davoi (key
             item).

             Next, head to I-8 in Upper Jeuno and talk to Paya-Sabya for a
             cutscene.  Then head down to Lower Jeuno.  Enter Muckvix's Junk
             Shop in H-9.  Head to the back room and talk to Muckvix for a
             cutscene.  When it's finished, he'll give you a Yagudo torch (key
             item).

             You'll now have to enter the Tenshodo Headquarters, which requires
             you to be a Tenshodo member.  If you aren't one yet, you better go
             get an invite.  I'm not going to tell you how to become one because
             that's a quest and this guide will only pertain to quests that
             coincide with missions.  Head to the very back into Aldo's Room and
             talk to Aldo for a cutscene.  When it's done, he'll give you a
             silver bell (key item).  You should also have a coruscant rosary
             (key item) and a black matinee necklace (key item) from doing the
             two quests Mysteries of Beadeaux I & II.

             Now that you're all set, it's time to head out.

             Davoi:  Head to H-7 where you'll find a wall of dark arts.  Examine
                     it to go through to Monastic Cavern.  Head all the way in
                     and examine the magicite for a cutscene.

             Beadeaux:  Head to H-7 to go down to the lower map.  At the
                        intersection you come to, head east to zone into Qulun
                        Dome.  Head in and examine the door to open it.  You
                        have to be really close to it.  Head all the way in and
                        examine the magicite for a cutscene.

             Castle Oztroja:  Head to I-8 where you'll find the trap door and
                              levers.  One of them will open the door and the
                              other will open the trap door.  They change every
                              Vana'diel day.  Head through and at J-8, the map
                              changes.  From here, head to G-7 to another map.
                              Head north to I-7 to yet another map.  Finally,
                              make your way to H-9 where you'll find two torches
                              and two Yagudo.  If you're by yourself, make sure
                              they face away before attempting to examine the
                              torch.  You have to be facing a certain way and be
                              extremely close to them to light it.  Once you're
                              through, head west to the brass door.  Go through
                              and zone into the Altar Room.  You'll view a
                              cutscene upon entry if this is your last magicite
                              to visit.  Once it's done, head all the way in and
                              examine the magicite for a cutscene.

             Go back to Ru'Lude Gardens and examine the doors to the audience
             chamber for a cutscene.  Then head back to the Bastokan Embassy and
             talk to everyone in there.

Reward:      Rank 5, 10,000 gil, rank points, Airship Pass (key item)
             If you already have the Airship Pass, you'll receive 20,000 gil
             instead.
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  5-1
Mission Name:               Darkness Rising
Minimum Level Recommended:  50
Requirements:               Have a half filled rank point bar

Mission Orders:  You are to head north to a place called Fei'Yin on the
                 Beaucedine Glacier.  Naji will show you in.

What To Do:  Head to the President's Office and speak to Karst for a cutscene.
             You'll be entering a fight with a level 50 cap, so make sure you
             have the appropriate equipment.  Once you have your party together,
             head over to Beaucedine Glacier.  If you don't have the Vahzl
             telepoint crystal, you'll have to walk.  Head over to East Ronfaure
             and zone into Ranguemont Pass at K-4.  At F-10, talk to the NPC
             behind the contraption and he'll open the door for you.  Once
             through, head to L-4 to zone out to Beaucedine Glacier.  If you are
             lower than level 55, you'll will get aggro here.  You'll need to
             head to Fei'Yin and the path is a long and roundabout one.  The
             zone is at J-4.

             Fei'Yin has numerous undead and things that aggro to magic.  You'll
             want to make your way to K-8 where you'll find a cermet gate.  Go
             through that to zone into Qu'Bia Arena.  Examine the burning circle
             there and enter the fight once everyone's ready.  You'll be up
             against a whole bunch of skeletons.  If you have a bard with you,
             they'll make the fight easier as undead have a higher resistance to
             sleep than lullaby.  Your target will be the larger skeleton as
             once he's dead, the fight will be over.

             When you're done there, head back to Bastok to finish the mission.

Reward:      Rank points
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  5-2
Mission Name:               Xarcabard, Land of Truths
Minimum Level Recommended:  65
Requirements:               Complete mission 5-1, have a full rank point bar

Mission Orders:  You must go to Castle Zvahl in Xarcabard.  The President
                 himself will brief you in his office.

What To Do:  If you're lower than level 72, you'll need to bring some silent oil
             and prism powder to make this mission move faster as you will be
             walking through Xarcabard, Castle Zvahl Baileys, and Castle Zvahl
             Keep.  You'll be encountering demons and each type of beastmen in
             the castle.  Once you have your party together, head over to
             Xarcabard.  If you don't have the Vahzl telepoint crystal, you'll
             have to walk.  Head to F-6 in Beaucedine Glacier to zone into
             Xarcabard.  Take this opportunity to get the Vahzl telepoint.  It's
             located in H-8.  Head west to E-7/8 to zone into Castle Zvahl
             Baileys.

             At G-8 you'll come to an intersection.  Head south, go down the
             stairs and head to F-8 to the next map.  Go south again and go up
             the stairs at either H-9 or I-9.  Head west and go down the stairs
             in G-9.  Follow the path until you come to an intersection at H-9.
             Head north, then west.  Head north at the next intersection you
             come to.  Then east at the next intersection and go up the stairs.
             Then head west and up the long flight of stairs to zone into
             Castle Zvahl Keep.

             Head in and go north to H-7 to the gate.  If someone is level 72 or
             higher, have that person be the designated door opener.  Head north
             to the next gate.  Right past that gate, to the immediate west is
             an ore door.  Head through that and straight west through the next
             one.  Turn north and head through the next one.  Go west, then
             north to the long flight of stairs up.  Then make your way to F-8
             to the next map.  Head straight to the machine you see.  It's a
             teleporter.  Take them until you've ridden all four.  The last will
             send you to I-7 on the next map.  Go to G-7 to find an ore door.
             Go through to zone into the Throne Room.

             You'll be entering an uncapped fight against the Shadow Lord.  This
             fight has two parts to it.  For the first part, the Shadow Lord has
             two forms.  In one form, he's immune to magic.  In the other form,
             he's immune to physical attacks.  Once you beat his first form,
             you'll be given about thirty seconds before he starts attacking
             again.  In the second part, he'll do nothing but an AoE attack
             called Implosion.  Once you've beaten him, you'll view a long
             cutscene.  Head back to Bastok to finish the mission.

Reward:      Rank 6, 20,000 gil, rank points
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  6-1
Mission Name:               Return of the Talekeeper
Minimum Level Recommended:  65
Requirements:               Have a half filled rank point bar

Mission Orders:  A new Talekeeper is rumored to have appeared among the Galka.
                 Speak to Medicine Eagle, the Mines District guard on post near
                 the entrance to Ore Street, for further details.

What To Do:  You can find Medicine Eagle in Bastok Mines at G-5.  Talk to him
             for a cutscene.  Next, zone into Zeruhn Mines and talk to Drake
             Fang at H-6 for another cutscene.  You'll now have to head to
             Western Altepa Desert.  If you don't have the Altepa telepoint
             crystal, you'll have to walk.  Head to H-7 and talk to Lasthenes in
             order to go through the gate.  Follow the path to zone into
             Korroloka Tunnel.  If you're above level 50, you can just run
             straight through to the other end and out to Eastern Altepa Desert.
             Take this opportunity to get the Altepa telepoint crystal in G-6.
             Then head to I-6 to zone to Western Altepa Desert.  If you're lower
             than level 70, head north to Rabao and rent a chocobo.

             Bring your party/alliance to G-8 in Western Altepa Desert where
             you'll find a ??? point.  Go ahead and clear the area to gain TP
             and when everyone's ready, examine the ??? to pop two NM manticores
             named Eastern Sphinx and Western Sphinx.  Sleep one if you need to.
             They have regular manticore moves such as riddle (max mp down),
             deadly hold, and a couple of others, one that adds choke.  When
             they're both dead, examine the ??? to get an Altepa moonpebble (key
             item).  Head back to Bastok Mines and talk to Tall Mountain in J-7
             for a cutscene.

Reward:      Rank points
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  6-2
Mission Name:               The Pirates' Cove
Minimum Level Recommended:  65
Requirements:               Complete mission 6-1, have a full rank point bar

Mission Orders:  You are being sent to Norg as an emissary of Bastok.  Meet Sir
                 Naji in front of the President's Office for a full briefing.

What To Do:  Talk to Naji for a cutscene.  Next, you'll need to head to Norg.
             Make your way to Jeuno and board the airship to Kazham.  If you
             don't have a Kazham airship pass yet, I suggest you get one.  Once
             in Kazham, rent a chocobo (it's faster, trust me) and make your
             way down to G-11.  Fall down one of the holes closer to the west of
             that small area and go behind the waterfall in F-11.  Follow that
             tunnel and at the end, dismount from your chocobo and zone into Sea
             Serpent Grotto.  If you're lower than level 50, you'll need sneak
             the entire way.  Follow the right wall to H-6 where you'll appear
             to be at a dead end.  Target the wall and you'll target a blank
             spot.  Examine it to open a hidden door and go through.  Follow the
             right wall again to zone into Norg.  If you pass by some pillars
             with torches on them, you're going the right way.  Head up the
             stairs and enter the door all the way at the end and speak to
             Gilgamesh.

             Now, you'll need to get some adaman ore.  You'll need one for every
             six people.  So, if you're going with a full alliance with everyone
             currently on this mission, you'll need three adaman ore.  You'll
             also need sneak and invisible in the next area you'll be going to.
             Things also aggro magic in there.

             If you don't have the Yhoat telepoint crystal, I recommend getting
             it now.  If you're still in Norg, rent a chocobo and make your way
             back towards Kazham.  Aim for G-6.  Head east to H-6 where you'll
             find a hole.  Drop down and head to I-8 to zone to Yhoator Jungle.
             The Yhoat telepoint crystal can be found in F-9.  When you're done
             with that, head to the east entrance to Ifrit's Cauldron in I-6.

             Get sneak and invisible up and head in.  At J-8, you'll come to an
             intersection.  Head south and follow the right wall all the way to
             H-7 where you'll find a ??? point.  When everyone's ready, trade an
             adaman ore to spawn two NMs:  a bomb and a lizard.  Magma and
             Salamandar respectively.  Your target is Magma as it drops six frag
             rocks, which is the item you need.  Salamandar is just a
             distraction.  If you're doing this with a full alliance with
             everyone currently on the mission, you'll have to do multiple
             trades.  There's a five minute wait after the last monster was
             killed.

             Take the frag rock you got and head back to Norg and trade it to
             Gilgamesh.  Then head back to Naji in the Metalworks to complete
             the mission.

Reward:      Rank 7, 40,000 gil, rank points
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  7-1
Mission Name:               The Final Image
Minimum Level Recommended:  70
Requirements:               Have a half filled rank point bar

Mission Orders:  You are to investigate the Zilart ruins of Ro'Maeve.  Chief
                 Engineer Cid has more details.

What To Do:  Talk to Cid and make sure he asks you to retrieve some cermet for
             him from Ro'Maeve.  To prepare, you'll need silent oils because
             all the weapons in Ro'Maeve aggro to sound and everything aggroes
             to magic.

             When you've got your party/alliance together, make your way over to
             Ro'Maeve.  The fastest way would be from Jeuno.  Rent a chocobo
             from Port Jeuno and head to K-11 in Sauromugue Champaign to zone to
             Meriphataud Mountains.  The Sanctuary of Zi'Tah zone is at L-4.
             From there, head to F-5 to zone into Ro'Maeve.  You'll need to find
             a ??? point.  There's one in M-8, but this is for something else.
             So, go around the zone until you find a different ??? point.  When
             everyone's ready, examine it to pop two NM golems.  When they're
             both dead, examine the ??? again to obtain the key item.

             Head back to Cid to complete the mission.

Reward:      Rank points
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  7-2
Mission Name:               On My Way
Minimum Level Recommended:  70
Requirements:               Complete mission 7-1, have a full rank point bar

Mission Orders:  A search has begun for information regarding the whereabouts of
                 the missing Galkan elder, Werei.  The president will brief you
                 on the details of this mission.

What To Do:  Speak to Karst in the President's building.  Then head over to Port
             Bastok.  You're looking for Hilda in the Steaming Sheep Restaurant.
             Your next destination is Palborough Mines.  Get your party together
             because you'll be entering an uncapped fight against four quadavs.
             Make sure you have a sleeper in your party.  Head to I-8 in
             Palborough Mines where you can ride the elevator to the top floor.
             Make your way to H-10 to zone into Waughroon Shrine.

             When you're ready, examine the burning circle to enter the fight.
             Have your sleeper go in and sleep everything.  Sleepga II or horde
             lullaby is recommended.  Kill them in this order:  Soulsaver,
             Knightslayer, Slaughterer, Graniteskin.  Once they're dead, you'll
             view a cutscene and be put out of the arena, close to the where the
             elevator is.

             Head back to Karst for a cutscene.  He'll give you a letter.  Head
             over to Bastok Mines and talk to Gumbah inside a house in J-7 for
             another cutscene.

Reward:      Rank 8, 60,000 gil, rank points
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  8-1
Mission Name:               The Chains that Bind Us
Minimum Level Recommended:  70
Requirements:               Have a half filled rank point bar

Mission Orders:  The president has ordered a full-scale investigation of Zepwell
                 Island.  You are to travel to the Quicksand Caves located in
                 the central Altepa Desert.  Report to Iron Eater for a
                 briefing.

What To Do:  Talk to Karst in the President's building, then talk to Iron Eater
             right outside the door.  To prepare, you'll need some echo drops
             and silent oil if you can't cast sneak.  Gather together your party
             or alliance and head to the G-5 entrance to Quicksand Caves in
             Western Altepa Desert.  Sneak up and head to the pressure plate in
             H-8.  To activate it, have one galka, two humes/elvaans/mithras, or
             three tarutarus stand on it to open the door.  Go through and head
             south to H-10 where you'll find another pressure plate.  Stand on
             it again to open the door.  You'll find another door in G-11 that
             leads to a small room where you'll find the ??? point needed for
             this mission.

             You might want to clear the small hallway of the sand tarantulas
             first.  Upon examination of the ??? point, three NM anticans will
             spawn.  They can be sneak popped and if you have a summoner in your
             party/alliance, you can find them one at a time.  Once they're dead
             sneak up and go into the room and examine the ??? for a cutscene.

             Now, either escape out or walk out.  You'll have to head to the
             D-12 entrance to Quicksand Caves in Western Altepa Desert.  It's
             accessible through a tunnel in C-11.  Head to K-8 and go east to
             another map.  Make your way over to G-8 where you'll find a
             pressure plate.  Activate it and go through the door.  You'll find
             a ??? point inside.  Examine it for a cutscene.  When you're done
             here, head back to Iron Eater in the Metalworks to complete the
             mission.

Reward:      Rank points
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  8-2
Mission Name:               Jeuno
Minimum Level Recommended:  70
Requirements:               Complete mission 8-1, have a full rank point bar

Mission Orders:  You are to investigate the Kuftal Tunnel which connects
                 Zepwell Island with Cape Terrigan.  Zeruhn Mines guard Drake
                 Fang will provide you with further details.

What To Do:  Zone into Zeruhn Mines and speak to Drake Fang for a cutscene.  Get
             together a party or alliance and head over to H-4 in Western Altepa
             Desert to zone into Kuftal Tunnel.  Head in and go past the lizards
             to find a ??? point.  Examine it.  Now, have one person with a
             ranged attack go down right below the ??? point where you'll find
             another ??? point.  Examine that to pop three NM ghosts.  You'll
             only need to kill the one named Gordov's Ghost, but if you kill
             it fast enough, you can kill all three.  You might want to clear
             out the robber crabs and haunts at the bottom first to get TP and
             to make a clean pull.

             If, while you're fighting Gordov's Ghost and the other two despawn,
             you're still okay as long as Gordov's Ghost is still alive.  When
             it's dead, sneak up and go down to the bottom ??? and examine it
             for a cutscene.  Head back and talk to Drake Fang for a very long
             cutscene.

Reward:      Rank 9, 80,000 gil, rank points
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  9-1
Mission Name:               The Salt of the Earth
Minimum Level Recommended:  73
Requirements:               Have a half filled rank point bar

Mission Orders:  You have been assigned to an investigation in the Vollbow
                 Region.  Speak with Senator Alois for further details.

What To Do:  Talk to Senator Alois for a cutscene, then head over to Rabao.
             Head to G-6 to find Dancing Wolf.  Speak with him.  Now get
             together your alliance.  Your next destination will be Gustav
             Tunnel.  You can reach Gustav Tunnel from Valkurm Dunes.  Head to
             C-6 to enter a tunnel.  Go through that to the hidden beach.  Go
             down to B-8 to zone into Gustav Tunnel.

             Go down to G-9 to get to the second map.  At this point you'll need
             sneak and invisible.  Make your way to G/H-7.  This is where you'll
             be camping.  The ??? point is at G-6 in the small pond there.  If
             you can kill things fast enough, you can kill everything north of
             where you're camping and pop it after everything's dead.  Or you
             can have a sleeper on the mission sneak up and dodge the monsters
             that aggro by sight.  Have him/her pop the NM ooze and sleep it,
             sneak back up, and run back to the alliance.

             Now for the ooze.  At first, you'll be fighting a Gigaplasm.  When
             it dies, it'll split into two mascroplasms.  When each macroplasm
             dies, they'll both split into two microplasms.  When each
             microplasms die, they'll both split into two nanoplasms.  That's a
             total of fifteen monsters you'll be fighting.  So be sure you have
             multiple sleepers in your alliance.  Once they're all dead, put
             sneak and invisible up and head to the ??? point.  Examine it to
             get the miraclesalt (key item).

             Head back to Rabao and talk to Dancing Wolf again, then go to the
             Metalworks and talk to Senator Alois to complete the mission.

Reward:      Rank points
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  9-2
Mission Name:               Where Two Paths Converge
Minimum Level Recommended:  73
Requirements:               Complete mission 9-1, have a full rank point bar

Mission Orders:  An adventurer has been attacked while on an investigation to
                 Xarcabard--and the attacker is said to be none other than the
                 Dark Knight, Zeid!  Report to the President's Office for a
                 briefing on the situation at hand.

What To Do:  Talk to Iron Eater for a cutscene.  Now gather together your party
             and head to the Throne Room.  You'll be entering an uncapped fight
             against Zeid.  He's got all the Dark Knight's job abilities and
             weapon skills as well as an AoE that puts people to sleep in the
             move's radius.  He can also summon two monsters called Shadow of
             Rage, but they can be killed easily by any black mage's tier III
             -ga spell.

             When Zeid gets to 50% health, the fighting stops momentarily and
             Volker joins the battle.  If Volker dies, you automatically lose,
             so have a dedicated healer on him.  When the fight's over, you'll
             view a cutscene.  Head back to Iron Eater in the Metalworks to
             complete the mission.

Reward:      Rank 10, 10,000 gil, rank points, Bastokan Flag (furniture)
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No

-------------------
San d'Oria Missions
-------------------

Mission #:                  1-1
Mission Name:               Smash the Orcish Scouts
Minimum Level Recommended:  5
Requirements:               None

Mission Orders:  Hunt Orcs lurking outside San d'Oria and bring back one of
                 their axes.

What To Do:  Head out to East or West Ronfaure and kill Orcish Fodders until one
             of them drops an Orcish axe.  Trade this to any mission NPC to
             complete the mission.

Reward:      Rank points
Repeatable:  Yes
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  1-2
Mission Name:               Bat Hunt
Minimum Level Recommended:  12
Requirements:               Complete mission 1-1

Mission Orders:  Exterminate bats from King Ranperre's Tomb, and bring back
                 proof of your deeds.

What To Do:  You'll need to head to King Ranperre's Tomb for this mission.  Exit
             out to East Ronfaure and head to H-11, which will zone you into
             King Ranperre's Tomb.  Make your way to H/I-10 where you'll find a
             tombstone.  Examine it for a cutscene.  Now you'll need to kill
             bats until one drops an Orcish scale mail.  Take this back to any
             mission NPC to complete the mission.

             If you're repeating this mission, the mission NPC will ask you to
             bring back a bat fang.

Reward:      Rank points
Repeatable:  Yes
Skippable:   No




Mission #:                  1-3
Mission Name:               Save the Children
Minimum Level Recommended:  15
Requirements:               Complete mission 1-2

Mission Orders:  Rescue the children held captive in the Orcish camp in Ghelsba
                 Outpost.

What To Do:  Head to the cathedral in Northern San d'Oria and speak to Arnau for
             a cutscene.  Now, zone out to West Ronfaure and zone into Ghelsba
             Outpost at G-4.  At F-10, there's a hut with a targetable door.
             This is your destination.  You'll be entering an uncapped fight
             against three orcs, so if you have friends who can help you, that
             would be to your advantage.  Once they're dead, you'll view a
             cutscene.  You'll also receive an Orcish hut key (key item).
             Examine the hut door for another cutscene.  Return to a mission
             NPC to complete the mission.

Reward:      Initial completion: Rank 2, 1,000 gil, rank points
             Second completion and afterward: Rank points
Repeatable:  Yes
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  2-1
Mission Name:               The Rescue Drill
Minimum Level Recommended:  15
Requirements:               Have a quarter filled rank point bar

Mission Orders:  Participate in the Temple Knights' rescue drill out on La
                 Theine Plateau.

What To Do:  Zone out to West Ronfaure and head to F-12 to zone out to La Theine
             Plateau.  At F-6 on the eastern side of the ravine, you'll find an
             NPC.  Follow the path of NPCs down and talk to each one.  Then zone
             into Ordelles' Caves.  Head in to the first large room.  Past the
             water hiding behind a stalagmite is an NPC named Ruillont.  Talk to
             him then head back out and talk to each NPC until one gives you a
             bronze sword.  Head back to Ruillont once you get it and trade it
             to him.

             Then head back out to La Theine Plateau and look for Vicorpasse.
             Speak to him and he'll give you a rescue training certificate (key
             item).  Head back to San d'Oria to complete the mission.

Reward:      Rank points
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  2-2
Mission Name:               The Davoi Report
Minimum Level Recommended:  25
Requirements:               Complete mission 2-1

Mission Orders:  Retrieve the latest scouting report from the Temple Knight
                 scouts somewhere in Davoi.

What To Do:  You'll need to head over to Davoi.  Head to M-8 in La Theine
             Plateau to zone into Jugner Forest.  Now make your way to G-12 to
             zone into Davoi.  Right at the zone, you'll see an NPC hiding
             behind a tree.  Talk to him and he'll ask you retrieve the last
             page of the report.  Head down to J-8 on the south part of the lake
             and you'll find an ! point.  Examine it to receive the last page.
             Go back to Zantaviat (the NPC hiding behind the tree) and he'll
             give you the Temple Knights' Davoi report (key item).

             Head back to a mission NPC.  They'll tell you that Prince Pieuje is
             in the Cathedral.  Head to the cathedral and go up the stairs all
             the way to the top floor.  Examine the Papal Chambers door there
             for a cutscene.

Reward:      Rank points
Repeatable:  Yes
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  2-3
Mission Name:               Journey Abroad
Minimum Level Recommended:  25
Requirements:               Complete mission 3-1, have a full rank point bar

Mission Orders:  Visit the faraway nations of Bastok and Windurst and receive
                 official recognition as an adventurer.

What To Do:  Head to Chateau d'Oraguille and speak to Halver.  Now you'll have
             to travel to the other two nations.  It doesn't matter which one
             you go to first.  I'll post a walkthrough for both.

             Bastok:  Head to I-12 in La Theine Plateau to zone to Valkurm Dunes
                      and make your way to the Konschtat Highlands at M-11.  Be
                      sure to head to the Crag of Dem while you're here. Go to
                      I-12 to zone to North Gustaberg and head south to E-12 to
                      zone to South Gustaberg.  The zone to Bastok Markets is
                      at J-7.  Make your way to the Metalworks and ride the
                      elevator up.  Head to the outdoor area and you'll find the
                      San d'Orian consulate at I-9.  Talk to the people inside.
                      Then head to the President's building and speak to Pius.
                      Purchase a few pickaxes and head to Palborough Mines.
                      Exit through Port Bastok and head to K-3 in North
                      Gustaberg to zone into Palborough Mines.  At I-8 you'll
                      find an elevator which will take you to the top floor.
                      You'll be able to find mythril seams in I-9 and J-9.  When
                      you have some mine gravel, head to I-6 where you'll find a
                      refiner.  Trade the mine gravel to the door and pull the
                      lever.  Then head over to the left side of it and fall
                      down to the bottom.  Get the mythril sand out and take
                      this back to Pius.  Talk to the people in your consulate
                      to complete this leg of the mission.

                      Now head back to Valkurm Dunes and head to G-9 to zone
                      into Selbina.  Board the ferry and ride it to Mhaura.
                      Zone out to Buburimu Peninsula and head to D-7 to zone to
                      Tahrongi Canyon.  Be sure to head to the Crag of Mea while
                      you're here.  You'll want to head to H-13 which will zone
                      you to East Sarutabaruta.  Zone into Windurst Woods at
                      G-11 and you'll find the San d'Orian consulate at F-10.
                      Talk to the people inside.  They'll send you to Heavens
                      Tower.  Head over to Windurst Walls and make your way to
                      H-6.  Step on the blue light to zone into Heavens Tower.
                      You'll view a cutscene as you enter.  Head through the
                      doors on the opposite side and talk to everyone inside.

                      You'll now need to gather together some people to help you
                      kill a dragon and an ahriman.  The fight you'll be
                      entering will be capped at level 25, so make sure you have
                      the appropriate equipment.  Zone out to West Sarutabaruta
                      and zone into Giddeus at F-8.  Head to G-12 to zone into
                      Balga's Dais.  Examine the burning circle when everyone's
                      ready.

                      When you're in the fight after viewing the cutscene, head
                      on in.  It's recommended to sleep the dragon while first
                      and kill the ahriman.  Once the ahriman is dead, kill the
                      dragon.  When the dragon dies, you'll view a cutscene.
                      Head back to the San d'Orian consulate in Windurst Woods
                      to complete this leg of the mission.

             Windurst:  Head to I-12 in La Theine Plateau to zone into Valkurm
                        Dunes.  Then zone into Selbina at G-9 and board the
                        ferry to Mhaura.  When you reach Mhaura, zone out to
                        Buburimu Peninsula and head to D-7 to zone to Tahrongi
                        Canyon.  Take this opportunity to head to the Crag of
                        Mea.  H-13 will take you to East Sarutabaruta and you
                        can zone into Windurst Woods at G-11.  You'll find the
                        San d'Orian consulate at F-10.  Talk to the people
                        inside.  They'll send you to Heavens Tower.  Head to
                        Windurst Walls and make your way to H-6.  Step into the
                        blue light to be transported into Heavens Tower.  Go
                        through the double doors across the way and speak to
                        Kupipi.  She'll give you a shield offering (key item).

                        Next, zone out to West Sarutabaruta and enter Giddeus at
                        F-8.  You'll need to head to the lower map and look for
                        a Yagudo named Zhuu Buxu the Silent.  Kill him for a
                        parana shield.  Once you have one, make your way to F-7
                        on the same map to find a Yagudo NPC.  Talk to him to
                        give him the shield offering.  Now go back and kill Zhuu
                        Buxu the Silent again.  He takes fifteen minutes to
                        respawn.  You should now have two parana shields.  Take
                        these back to the San d'Orian consulate and trade both
                        of them to the ambassador to complete this leg of the
                        mission.

                        Now, head back to Valkurm Dunes and head to M-11 to zone
                        to Konschtat Highlands.  Be sure to stop by the Crag of
                        Dem while you're here.  Make your way to I-12 to zone to
                        North Gustaberg and head south to E-12 to get to South
                        Gustaberg.  You can enter Bastok Markets at J-7.  Make
                        your way to the Metalworks district and ride the
                        elevators up.  Head east to the outdoor area and you'll
                        find the San d'Orian consulate at I-9.  Talk to everyone
                        inside.  Next, head to the President's building and talk
                        to Pius.  You'll be sent over to Grohm, who can be found
                        in the craftmen's eatery in G-9.

                        You'll now have to find some people to help you because
                        you'll be entering a fight capped at level 25 against a
                        dragon and an ahriman, so make sure you have the
                        appropriate equipment.  Once you have your party
                        together, head out to North Gustaberg through Port
                        Bastok and enter Palborough Mines at K-3.  Ride up the
                        elevator at I-8 to the top floor and zone into
                        Waughroon Shrine at H-10.  When everyone's ready, check
                        the burning circle there to enter the fight.

                        You'll view a cutscene upon entry.  When everyone's in
                        the arena, head on in.  It's recommended to sleep the
                        dragon and kill the ahriman first.  Once the ahriman is
                        dead, kill the dragon.  Once they're both dead, you'll
                        view a cutscene.  Head back to the San d'Orian consulate
                        in the Metalworks to complete this leg of the mission.

             Whichever path you choose to do, once you're finished in both
             nations, head back to San d'Oria and speak to a mission NPC.  They
             will send you to Halver, so head to Chateau d'Oraguille and speak
             to him to complete the mission.

Reward:      Rank 3, 3,000 gil, Adventurer's certificate (key item), rank points
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  3-1
Mission Name:               Infiltrate Davoi
Minimum Level Recommended:  45
Requirements:               Have a quarter filled rank point bar

Mission Orders:  The scout in Davoi needs the help of an adventurer.

What To Do:  Enter Chateau d'Oraguille and head to Prince Trion's room in H-7.
             Examine his door for a cutscene.  Now, head to Davoi and zone in
             for another cutscene.  You're looking for an NPC named Quericond.
             He walks between G-7 and H-7.  Talk to him and he'll give you the
             Royal Knights' Davoi report (key item).  Head back to Prince
             Trion's room to complete the mission.

             If you are repeating the mission, the objective is different.
             Instead of talking to Quericond, you'll have to speak to Zantaviat
             right inside the zone hiding behind a tree.  He'll ask you to
             retrieve codes the Orcs leave for each other.  You can find them at
             ! points at J-7, K-7, and L-8.  They'll each give you a key item.
             Head back to Zantaviat once you have the three key items.  Then
             head back to a mission NPC back in San d'Oria to complete the
             mission.

Reward:      Rank points
Repeatable:  Yes
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  3-2
Mission Name:               The Crystal Spring
Minimum Level Recommended:  45
Requirements:               Complete mission 3-1

Mission Orders:  Catch a crystal bass from Crystwater Spring, located on the
                 eastern edge of Jugner Forest.

What To Do:  You'll be asked for a crystal bass.  You can fish this up from the
             far eastern lake in Jugner Forest using a carbon or composite
             fishing rod with insect paste if you have enough fishing skill.
             Otherwise, your best bet would be to purchase one from the auction
             house.  Trade it to any mission NPC and you'll be told to head to
             the castle.  Zone into Chateau d'Oraguille for a cutscene.  Then,
             head to F-7 and speak to Chalvatot for another cutscene.

Reward:      Rank points
Repeatable:  Yes
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  3-3
Mission Name:               Appointment to Jeuno
Minimum Level Recommended:  45
Requirements:               Complete mission 3-1, have a full rank point bar

Mission Orders:  Head to the Embassy of San d'Oria in Jeuno to fill your
                 appointed post.

What To Do:  Head to Halver in Chateau d'Oraguille and talk to him.  Go past him
             and examine the doors to the audience chamber for a cutscene.  Now,
             you'll have to head to Jeuno.  Head over to Jugner Forest and zone
             to L-4 to zone to Batallia Downs.  You can enter Upper Jeuno at
             L-9.  Head up to Ru'Lude Gardens and speak to the people in the
             San d'Orian Embassy.  Your next destination is Delkfutt's Tower
             on Qufim Island.

             You'll need sneak and invisible for the entire climb up if you're
             lower than level 50.  If you have someone helping you who's done
             the mission before, have them lead you up, otherwise, here's some
             directions.  There are monsters in the tower that will aggro to
             magic.

             Zone out to Qufim Island from Port Jeuno.  You'll find the entrance
             to Lower Delkfutt's Tower at F-6.  This the first floor.  Head to
             F-6, going counterclockwise from the entrance to reach some stairs
             to the second floor.  Then head to J-9 to get to the stairs to the
             third floor.  In G-6, you'll find a teleporter.  Use it.

             You're now in Middle Delkfutt's Tower.  Head to the stairs in I-7
             to the fifth floor.  Some paths are blocked, so you'll have to take
             a roundabout path.  On the fifth floor, head to H-9 to the sixth
             floor, then head to the teleporter in F-10.  You're now on the
             seventh floor.  Go straight north to the stairs and go up to the
             eighth floor.  Head east and go up the stairs to the ninth floor.
             Make your way south and go down the stairs back down to the eighth
             floor.  Go west, watch out for the hole, and go up the stairs to go
             back up to the ninth floor.  Then head to the teleporter in F-6.

             You've reached the tenth floor and Upper Delkfutt's Tower.  Go to
             H-7 where you'll find a cermet door.  Go through.  You're looking
             for a different colored gigas named Porphyrion.  He drops six
             Delkfutt keys every time he's killed and repops every fifteen
             minutes.  Keep this in mind if you're doing this in an alliance.
             Once you have your key, trade it to the elevator in H-8 and take
             the stairs all the way down.

             Head through the door.  You're now back on the first floor of the
             tower on the basement level.  Head to M-8 and trade the key to the
             cermet door there for a cutscene.  You can find the exit to the
             first floor in F-8.  Head back to the San d'orian Embassy to
             complete the mission.

Reward:      Rank 4, 5,000 gil, rank points
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  4-1
Mission Name:               Magicite
Minimum Level Recommended:  50
Requirements:               Have a full rank point bar

Mission Orders:  Seize the three types of magicite in Davoi, Beadeaux, and
                 Castle Oztroja to prevent the Shadow Lord's return.

What To Do:  This mission begins at the San d'Orian Embassy in Ru'Lude Gardens.
             Talk to the people in there to receive an Archducal Audience Permit
             (key item).  Head over to the Palace and examine the doors for a
             cutscene.  At this point, you'll need to finish a few quests and
             cutscenes to progress any further in the mission.

             First, head to Upper Jeuno.  Find Baudin in G-7 and talk to him.
             He'll ask for some coeurl meat.  You can go out and kill coeurls,
             or, if you have the money, you can purchase one from the auction
             house.  Trade it to Baudin and he'll give you a Crest of Davoi (key
             item).

             Next, head to I-8 in Upper Jeuno and talk to Paya-Sabya for a
             cutscene.  Then head down to Lower Jeuno.  Enter Muckvix's Junk
             Shop in H-9.  Head to the back room and talk to Muckvix for a
             cutscene.  When it's finished, he'll give you a Yagudo torch (key
             item).

             You'll now have to enter the Tenshodo Headquarters, which requires
             you to be a Tenshodo member.  If you aren't one yet, you better go
             get an invite.  I'm not going to tell you how to become one because
             that's a quest and this guide will only pertain to quests that
             coincide with missions.  Head to the very back into Aldo's Room and
             talk to Aldo for a cutscene.  When it's done, he'll give you a
             silver bell (key item).  You should also have a coruscant rosary
             (key item) and a black matinee necklace (key item) from doing the
             two quests Mysteries of Beadeaux I & II.

             Now that you're all set, it's time to head out.

             Davoi:  Head to H-7 where you'll find a wall of dark arts.  Examine
                     it to go through to Monastic Cavern.  Head all the way in
                     and examine the magicite for a cutscene.

             Beadeaux:  Head to H-7 to go down to the lower map.  At the
                        intersection you come to, head east to zone into Qulun
                        Dome.  Head in and examine the door to open it.  You
                        have to be really close to it.  Head all the way in and
                        examine the magicite for a cutscene.

             Castle Oztroja:  Head to I-8 where you'll find the trap door and
                              levers.  One of them will open the door and the
                              other will open the trap door.  They change every
                              Vana'diel day.  Head through and at J-8, the map
                              changes.  From here, head to G-7 to another map.
                              Head north to I-7 to yet another map.  Finally,
                              make your way to H-9 where you'll find two torches
                              and two Yagudo.  If you're by yourself, make sure
                              they face away before attempting to examine the
                              torch.  You have to be facing a certain way and be
                              extremely close to them to light it.  Once you're
                              through, head west to the brass door.  Go through
                              and zone into the Altar Room.  You'll view a
                              cutscene upon entry if this is your last magicite
                              to visit.  Once it's done, head all the way in and
                              examine the magicite for a cutscene.

             Go back to Ru'Lude Gardens and examine the doors to the audience
             chamber for a cutscene.  Then head back to the San d'Orian Embassy
             and talk to everyone in there.

Reward:      Rank 5, 10,000 gil, rank points, Airship Pass (key item)
             If you already have the Airship Pass, you'll receive 20,000 gil
             instead.
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  5-1
Mission Name:               The Ruins of Fei'Yin
Minimum Level Recommended:  50
Requirements:               Have a half filled rank point bar

Mission Orders:  This mission involves traveling to Fei'Yin, located on the
                 Beaucedine Glacier.  Visit Chateau d'Oraguille to learn more.

What To Do:  Zone into Chateau d'Oraguille for a cutscene, then get the mission
             from a gate guard.  Then head back to the castle and speak to
             Halver for a key item.  You'll be entering a fight with a level 50
             cap, so make sure you have the appropriate equipment.  Once you
             have your party together, head over to Beaucedine Glacier.  If you
             don't have the Vahzl telepoint crystal, you'll have to walk.  Head
             over to East Ronfaure and zone into Ranguemont Pass at K-4.  At
             F-10, talk to the NPC behind the contraption and he'll open the
             door for you.  Once through, head to L-4 to zone out to Beaucedine
             Glacier.  If you are lower than level 55, you'll will get aggro
             here.  You'll need to head to Fei'Yin and the path is a long and
             roundabout one.  The zone is at J-4.

             Fei'Yin has numerous undead and things that aggro to magic.  You'll
             want to make your way to K-8 where you'll find a cermet gate.  Go
             through that to zone into Qu'Bia Arena.  Examine the burning circle
             there and enter the fight once everyone's ready.  You'll be up
             against a whole bunch of skeletons.  If you have a bard with you,
             they'll make the fight easier as undead have a higher resistance to
             sleep than lullaby.  Your target will be the larger skeleton as
             once he's dead, the fight will be over.

             When you're done there, head back to San d'Oria to finish the
             mission.

Reward:      Rank points
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  5-2
Mission Name:               The Shadow Lord
Minimum Level Recommended:  65
Requirements:               Complete mission 5-1, have a full rank point bar

Mission Orders:  Head to castle Zvahl in Xarcabard.  Visit Chateau d'Oraguille
                 to learn more.

What To Do:  Zone into Chateau d'Oraguille and speak to Halver.  He'll tell you
             to speak to Prince Trion.  Head over to his room and examine his
             room door for a cutscene.

             If you're lower than level 72, you'll need to bring some silent oil
             and prism powder to make this mission move faster as you will be
             walking through Xarcabard, Castle Zvahl Baileys, and Castle Zvahl
             Keep.  You'll be encountering demons and each type of beastmen in
             the castle.  Once you have your party together, head over to
             Xarcabard.  If you don't have the Vahzl telepoint crystal, you'll
             have to walk.  Head to F-6 in Beaucedine Glacier to zone into
             Xarcabard.  Take this opportunity to get the Vahzl telepoint.  It's
             located in H-8.  Head west to E-7/8 to zone into Castle Zvahl
             Baileys.

             At G-8 you'll come to an intersection.  Head south, go down the
             stairs and head to F-8 to the next map.  Go south again and go up
             the stairs at either H-9 or I-9.  Head west and go down the stairs
             in G-9.  Follow the path until you come to an intersection at H-9.
             Head north, then west.  Head north at the next intersection you
             come to.  Then east at the next intersection and go up the stairs.
             Then head west and up the long flight of stairs to zone into
             Castle Zvahl Keep.

             Head in and go north to H-7 to the gate.  If someone is level 72 or
             higher, have that person be the designated door opener.  Head north
             to the next gate.  Right past that gate, to the immediate west is
             an ore door.  Head through that and straight west through the next
             one.  Turn north and head through the next one.  Go west, then
             north to the long flight of stairs up.  Then make your way to F-8
             to the next map.  Head straight to the machine you see.  It's a
             teleporter.  Take them until you've ridden all four.  The last will
             send you to I-7 on the next map.  Go to G-7 to find an ore door.
             Go through to zone into the Throne Room.

             You'll be entering an uncapped fight against the Shadow Lord.  This
             fight has two parts to it.  For the first part, the Shadow Lord has
             two forms.  In one form, he's immune to magic.  In the other form,
             he's immune to physical attacks.  Once you beat his first form,
             you'll be given about thirty seconds before he starts attacking
             again.  In the second part, he'll do nothing but an AoE attack
             called Implosion.  Once you've beaten him, you'll view a long
             cutscene.  Head back to San d'Oria to finish the mission.

Reward:      Rank 6, 20,000 gil, rank points
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  6-1
Mission Name:               Leaute's Last Wishes
Minimum Level Recommended:  60
Requirements:               Half filled rank point bar

Mission Orders:  This mission involves the late Queen Leaute.  Visit Monarlais
                 Halver in Chateau d'Oraguille to learn more.

What To Do:  Enter Chateau d'Oraguille and speak to Halver.  Then examine the
             doors to the audience chamber behind him for a cutscene.  Now find
             some people to help you that are high leveled.  You'll be heading
             over to Western Altepa Desert.  If you don't have the Altepa
             telepoint crystal yet, you'll have to walk.

             Enter Zeruhn Mines and head to Lasthenes.  Talk to him to get
             through the gate.  Zone into Korroloka Tunnel.  You should be at or
             above level 50 by now, so just run straight through and zone out to
             Eastern Altepa Desert.  Take this opportunity to get the Altepa
             telepoint crystal at G-6.  Head to I-6 to zone into Western Altepa
             Desert.  If you need a chocobo, head straight north to Rabao and
             rent one there.

             You'll be heading to the oasis in G-7.  You may want to kill the
             cactuars around the area so they won't link unless you have a
             summoner with you.  When you're ready, examine the dreamrose to pop
             an NM cactuar named Sabotender Enamorado.  It does all the cactuar
             moves.  Be careful when it gets below 30% health as it starts to
             use 1000 Needles more often.  When it's dead, examine the dreamrose
             to get a key item.

             Head back to Halver in Chateau d'Oraguille.  He'll point you over
             to the garden.  Head that way and you'll view a cutscene.  Select
             yes when prompted.

Reward:      Rank points
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  6-2
Mission Name:               Ranperre's Final Rest
Minimum Level Recommended:  65
Requirements:               Complete mission 6-1, have a full rank point bar

Mission Orders:  Prince Trion seeks an adventurer.  Find the prince in his
                 chamber to learn more.

What To Do:  Visit Prince Trion in his room in Chateau d'Oraguille for a
             cutscene.  Then you'll need to find a few high level people to help
             you with this next part.  Head to King Ranperre's Tomb and make
             your way to H-8 where you'll find a heavy oak door.  You'll be
             fighting three NM skeletons.  The good news is you don't need to
             fight all three and you can sneak pop them.  Skeletons don't link,
             so you can pull them one at a time.  If while you're fighting one
             and the others depop, you'll still get credit as long as the one
             you're fighting is still alive before the others depop.

             Once you're done killing however many it was you've killed, examine
             the heavy oak door for a cutscene.  You'll receive an Ancient San
             d'Orian book (key item).  Take this to any mission NPC.  You'll now
             have to wait until midnight JST has passed.  Once it has, talk to
             a mission NPC and then head back to the heavy oak door in King
             Ranperre's Tomb for a cutscene.  Head back to San d'Oria to finish
             the mission.

Reward:      Rank 7, 40,000 gil, rank points
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  7-1
Mission Name:               Prestige of the Papsque
Minimum Level Recommended:  70
Requirements:               Half filled rank point bar

Mission Orders:  The papsque has requested an adventurer of renown.  Speak to
                 His Holiness in the cathedral.  His chambers lie upstairs.

What To Do:  Head over to the Papsque's Chambers and examine the door for a
             cutscene.  Now find a few high level friends who can help.  You'll
             be fighting an NM orc named Marauder Dvogzog.  Make sure you have
             a way to sneak yourself and enter Chateau d'Oraguille.  Go to I-8
             to zone into Bostaunieu Oubliette.  Head to E-7/8 where you'll
             find a sewer lid.  Sneak yourself, then talk to the NPC to let him
             let you go down to the bottom level.  Once down, follow the right
             wall all the way to E-10 to zone back out to West Ronfaure.

             You can have everyone else meet you at this position if you want.
             People on the mission need to stay up on the ledge, however.  Once
             you're ready, examine the ??? to pop the NM orc.  Watch out for
             Hundred Fists.  Once it's dead, examine the ??? again and you'll
             receive an Ancient San d'Orian tome (key item).

             Head back to the Papsque's chambers for a cutscene.  Then head over
             to a mission NPC.  You'll be told to head to the garden.  So, enter
             Chateau d'Oraguille and make your way to the garden for a cutscene.

Reward:      Rank points
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No




Mission #:                  7-2
Mission Name:               The Secret Weapon
Minimum Level Recommended:  70
Requirements:               Complete mission 7-1, have a full rank point bar

Mission Orders:  Reports from Ghelsba indicate that the Orcs in Yughott Grotto
                 are up to something.  Investigate, but speak of this to no one.

What To Do:  You'll be entering an uncapped burning circle fight in Horlais
             Peak.  So when putting together your party, make sure you get
             people who can enter the fight.  Make sure you have a tank, healer,
             and sleeper.  You'll be fighting three orcs and two orcish
             warmachines.

             When you're ready, head over to Horlais Peak and examine the
             burning circle to enter the fight.  Have your sleeper head in and
             sleep everything and have your tank pick which one to fight first.

             When they're all dead, head back to San d'Oria to complete the
             mission.

Reward:      Rank 8, 60,000 gil, rank points
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  8-1
Mission Name:               Coming of Age
Minimum Level Recommended:  70
Requirements:               Half filled rank point bar

Mission Orders:  Princess Claidie will soon celebrate her coming-of-age, and the
                 court in d'Oraguille needs help with the ceremonies.  Speak to
                 Monarlais Halver and offer your assistance.

What To Do:  Zone into Chateau d'Oraguille for a cutscene.  Then talk to Halver.
             Now get together a party or alliance, bring some echo drops, and
             head over to Eastern Altepa Desert.  Enter Quicksand Caves at G-9.
             Head over to E-11, fall down the sinkhole, turn south, and follow
             the left wall down to F-14 where you'll find some water and a point
             labeled fountain of kings.  You might want to kill everything in
             the room first so you don't get aggroed during the fight and to
             build TP.

             When you're ready, put sneak up and examine the fountain of kings
             to pop two NM sea monks named Honor and Valor.  Honor is the
             smaller of the two and casts silencega and paralyzega.  Valor is
             the bigger one and uses Hundred Fists.  Once they're dead, examine
             the fountain of kings to receive some drops of amnio (key item).

             Head back to Halver to complete the mission.

Reward:      Rank points
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  8-2
Mission Name:               Lightbringer
Minimum Level Recommended:  70
Requirements:               Complete mission 8-1, have a full rank point bar

Mission Orders:  Royaulais Destin himself has summoned you for a vital mission.
                 Seek audience with His Majesty in Chateau d'Oraguille
                 immediately.

What To Do:  After you complete mission 8-1, you'll have to wait for midnight
             JST to pass before this mission becomes available.  Once you have
             the mission, enter Chateau d'Oraguille and examine the doors to the
             audience chamber for a cutscene.  When it's done, head to the Royal
             Knights' Quarters and speak to Rahal.  He'll give you a crystal
             dowser (key item).

             Now, get together your party/alliance.  You'll be heading to the
             Temple of Uggalepih.  If you don't have the Yhoat telepoint crystal
             yet, you'll have to take the long way.  Head to Port Jeuno and take
             the airship to Kazham.  When you arrive in Kazham, rent a chocobo.
             Head to the Yhoator Jungle zone in I-8.  You can find the Yhoat
             telepoint crystal in F-9.  Make your way to the Temple of Uggalepih
             zone at J-11.  If anyone is lower than level 70 on the first two
             maps, they will get aggroed.

             Your first order of business is first get a prelate key.  It drops
             from Tonberry Stabbers.  Once you have one, from the entrance,
             follow the right wall all the way to F-5, which zones you back out
             to Yhoator Jungle.  Follow the left wall to zone back into the
             Temple of Uggalepih.  Head down to the wooden gate at H-9 and go
             through.  Go down to J-10 where you'll find a granite door guarded
             by a doll named temple guardian.  You'll need to kill the temple
             guardian to open the granite door.  Once through, head up the
             stairs directly above the door where you'll find another door.  Be
             careful of the NM doll Manipulator because it aggroes to magic.

             Trade the prelate key to the door to open it.  You can open it from
             the opposite side in case anyone didn't make it.  Head south and at
             G-10, you'll find the first of four rooms.  From west to east, I'll
             number them rooms one through four.  You'll want to clear the hall
             and things inside the room first.  Then go into rooms one, three,
             and four and examine the ??? points in those room for three key
             items.  Room four has two ??? points, so make sure you get a key
             item.  When you're ready, examine the door to room two to pop two
             NM dolls named Nio-A and Nio-Hum.

             Once they're dead, examine the door to room two again for a
             cutscene.  It may take numerous examinations.  Then head back to
             the audience chamber in Chateau d'Oraguille to complete this
             mission.

Reward:      Rank 9, 80,000 gil, rank points
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  9-1
Mission Name:               Breaking Barriers
Minimum Level Recommended:  73
Requirements:               Half filled rank point bar

Mission Orders:  Darkness looms over San d'Oria.  Report to the Audience Chamber
                 in Chateau d'Oraguille for further details.

What To Do:  Examine the doors to the audience chamber in Chateau d'Oraguille
             for a cutscene.  You'll have to head to three locations.  The first
             two can be done solo.

             Your first stop is the Valley of Sorrows.  In Western Altepa Desert
             you'll want to enter Kuftal Tunnel at H-4.  You'll need sneak for
             the entire trip through Kuftal Tunnel, unless Guivre, an NM wyvern,
             is out.  Then you'll need sneak and invisible.  From the entrance
             of Kuftal Tunnel, head to J-6 to the next map.  Then make your way
             north to G-3 to zone to Cape Teriggan.  You'll want to make your
             way northeast around the mountains to the I-8 entrance to Valley of
             Sorrows.  Here you'll need sneak for the raptors and invisible for
             everything else.  Head to I-8 where you'll find a ??? point.  Don't
             fall off the ledge or you'll have to walk back around.  Examine the
             ??? to obtain a figure of Titan (key item).

             Your next stop is Xarcabard.  You'll find the ??? point in G-7 in
             the middle of a bunch of firs.  Examine it to get a figure of
             Garuda (key item).

             Your last stop is the small island to the south of Batallia Downs.
             You'll need a party/alliance for this one.  Enter The Eldieme
             Necropolis at I-10 of Batallia Downs.  Head to the intersection at
             H-9.  If the door is closed, have one person head to the switch at
             H-8.  You'll want to head to G-9.  There's another switch there to
             allow the first switch person into the same room as everyone else.
             Once everyone's together, fall down the middle grave to another
             map.  Head east to yet another map and head to J-9 to zone back out
             to Batallia Downs.  You should now be on the tiny island.  You may
             want to kill the NM treant Ahtu so he doesn't aggro anyone in the
             middle of fighting.

             Look for a ??? point on the southeastern part of the island and
             when everyone's ready, examine it to pop two NM greater birds named
             Suparna and Suparna Fledgling.  The Fledgling will use Benediction,
             so try to keep it away from Suparna.  They both can also use bard
             songs.  When they're both dead, examine the ??? point for a long
             cutscene.  When it's done, you'll receive a figure of Leviathan
             (key item).  Head back to the audience chamber in Chateau
             d'Oraguille to complete the mission.

Reward:      Rank points
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  9-2
Mission Name:               The Heir to the Light
Minimum Level Recommended:  73
Requirements:               Complete mission 9-1, have a full rank point bar

Mission Orders:  The Rites of Succession will be held at the cathedral in
                 Northern San d'Oria.  You are to report there for guard duty.

What To Do:  Zone into Northern San d'Oria from Southern San d'Oria for a
             cutscene.  Then zone into Chateau d'Oraguille for a cutscene.
             Your next destination is Qu'Bia Arena.  You'll be entering an
             uncapped burning circle fight, so you'll want to build your party
             with people who are able to enter the fight with you.  Be sure to
             get a tank, healer, refresher, and sleeper.  These are the jobs you
             need to get to make this fight easier.  When you're ready, head to
             Fei'Yin and enter to view a cutscene.  Head to Qu'Bia Arena and
             examine the burning circle when you're ready.

             There are two parts to this fight.  For the first part, you'll be
             up against a bunch of orcs and an orcish warmachine.  Have your
             sleeper go in and sleep everything and have your tank pick which
             one to attack.

             For the second part, Prince Trion will join you in a fight against
             three Orcs:  a PLD, BLM, and DRK.  Again, have your sleeper go in
             and sleep everything and fight whichever one Trion attacks.  When
             they're all dead, you'll view a cutscene.

             Zone into Northern San d'Oria from Southern San d'Oria to view a
             cutscene, then head to the audience chamber in Chateau d'Oraguille
             for another cutscene.  Next, head to King Ranperre's Tomb and head
             to the heavy oak door in H-8.  Examine it for another cutscene.
             Now, go and speak to Halver in Chateau d'Oraguille for another
             cutscene.  Finally, zone into Southern San d'Oria for one final
             cutscene.

Reward:      Rank 10, 100,000 gil, San d'Orian Flag (furniture), rank points
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No

-----------------
Windurst Missions
-----------------

Mission #:                  1-1
Mission Name:               The Horutoto Ruins Experiment
Minimum Level Recommended:  10
Requirements:               None

Mission Orders:  The Minister of the Orastery is conducting an experiment in the
                 eastern magic tower of the Horutoto Ruins, located in East
                 Sarutabaruta.  Inquire at the Orastery first, then go assist
                 him.

What To Do:  Head to the Orastery in Port Windurst in E-7.  Talk to Hakkuru-
             Rinkuru on the stage for a cutscene.  Then zone out to East
             Sarutabaruta and head to the tower in J-7 and enter it to zone into
             the Inner Horutoto Ruins.  Head south to H-9 and target the wall
             there until you target a point named cracked wall.  Examine it to
             open it and go through.  Head down to I-10 where you'll find a
             magical gizmo.  Examine it for a cutscene.

             Your next task is to go back to the large room and examine the six
             ancient magical gizmos until you receive a cracked mana orb (key
             item).  Head back to Hakkuru-Rinkuru to complete the mission.

Reward:      Rank points
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  1-2
Mission Name:               The Heart of the Matter
Minimum Level Recommended:  10
Requirements:               Complete mission 1-1

Mission Orders:  Assist the Manustery in the creation of Cardians.  You must go
                 to the southeastern magic tower of the Horutoto Ruins in East
                 Sarutabaruta, and energize the mana orbs that serve as the
                 hearts of the Cardians.  Inquire at the Manustery first for
                 details.

What To Do:  Head to Windurst Woods and enter the Manustery in H-9 to speak to
             Apururu.  Zone out to East Sarutabaruta and head to the tower in
             J-11.  Speak to the tarutaru right in front of the stairs for a key
             item then zone into the Outer Horutoto Ruins.  Head down and you'll
             need to examine all six ancient magical gizmos.  There's one in
             each corner as well as two hidden behind cracked walls on the north
             and south walls.  Once you've examine all six, head through the
             cracked wall on the east wall and examine the magical gizmo there
             for a cutscene.  Now, you'll have to go back to each ancient
             magical gizmo and examine them.  Then exit for a cutscene.  Head
             back to Apururu to complete the mission.

Reward:      Rank points
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  1-3
Mission Name:               The Price of Peace
Minimum Level Recommended:  15
Requirements:               Complete mission 1-2

Mission Orders:  Receive two bags of food offerings from the Rhinostery, and
                 deliver one bag to each of the Yagudo who stand by the altars
                 of offerings in Giddeus.  Don't forget to report back to the
                 Rhinostery after completing the mission.

What To Do:  Head to the Rhinostery in Windurst Waters.  Windurst Waters has two
             maps and the Rhinostery is located on the southern map.  Head to
             J-9 and you'll find Leepe-Hoppe on the roof.  Talk to him for a
             cutscene.  You'll receive a food offering (key item) and a drink
             offering (key item).

             Zone out to West Sarutabaruta and enter Giddeus at F-8.  You'll
             find the two Yagudo NPCs at G-7 and H-7.  Talk to them both to
             deliver both offerings.  Then head back to Leepe-Hoppe for a
             cutscene and then talk to a mission NPC to complete the mission.

Reward:      Rank 2, 1,000 gil, rank points
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  2-1
Mission Name:               Lost for Words
Minimum Level Recommended:  20
Requirements:               One quarter filled rank point bar

Mission Orders:  There are reports that the Cat Burglar has her paws on a "Book
                 of the Gods," a restricted book that was lost twenty years ago.
                 Assist the Optistery in investigating the reports, and attempt
                 to retrieve the priceless, but dangerous, tome.

What To Do:  Head to the northern map of Windurst Waters and enter the Orastery
             at G-8 to talk to Tosuka-Porika for a cutscene.  Next, head to J-3
             in Windurst Woods to talk to Nanaa Mihgo.  She'll give you a lapis
             monocle (key item).  Next, you'll have to head to the Maze of
             Shakhrami.

             To get there, zone out to East Sarutabaruta and head to J-4 to zone
             to Tahrongi Canyon.  You'll find the zone to the Maze of Shakhrami
             at K-5.  You may need sneak and invisible here if you're lower than
             level 25.  From the entrance, head to G-6 and take the eastern
             path to the next map.  In the next room you come to, you'll find a
             bunch of fossile rocks that are targetable points.  Examine them
             until one gives you a lapis coral (key item).

             Head back to Nanaa Mihgo for a cutscene.  She'll give you a hideout
             key (key item).  Now, zone out to East Sarutabaruta and enter the
             tower at J-7 and enter the Inner Horutoto Ruins.  Head to the room
             in G-8 and go through the cracked wall on the northern part of the
             room to the next map.  Then head over to G-8 on this map to find a
             mahogany door.  Examine it for a cutscene.

             Now, head to Windurst Walls and head to the House of the Hero in
             G-3.  Examine the door for a cutscene.  Then head to Tosuka-Porika
             in the Optistery to complete the mission.

Reward:      Rank points
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  2-2
Mission Name:               A Testing Time
Minimum Level Recommended:  20
Requirements:               Complete mission 2-1

Mission Orders:  Assist the Aurastery's School of Magic in the selection of the
                 venue for their next skills test.  They want you to record the
                 number of monsters you can hunt at a specific area, in a set
                 number of days, to fairly standardize their skills test.

What To Do:  This is a timed mission, so make sure you have a way to get back to
             Windurst quickly.  Head to the Aurastery in L-6 and enter to speak
             to Moreno-Toeno.  Talk to him for a cutscene.  He'll give you a
             "Creature Counter" magic doll (key item).

             Make your way to Tahrongi Canyon and kill roughly about 30 monsters
             in less than one earth hour.  Then you'll need to head back to
             Moreno-Toeno within the same hour before the hour is up to complete
             the mission.

             If you're repeating this mission, you'll be asked to head to
             Buburimu Peninsula and you'll be given two earth hours to complete
             the mission.

Reward:      Rank points
Repeatable:  Yes
Skippable:   Yes


Mission #:                  2-3
Mission Name:               The Three Kingdoms
Minimum Level Recommended:  20
Requirements:               Complete mission 2-1, have a full rank point bar

Mission Orders:  Determine the state of affairs in San d'Oria and Bastok, and
                 render assistance on behalf of Heavens Tower.  Inquire at our
                 consulate in each country for more information.  Traveling by
                 ship from Mhaura to Selbina is recommended.

What To Do:  Head to Kupipi inside Heavens Tower and talk to her for a cutscene.
             You'll now have to head to the other two nations.  The order in
             which you visit them doesn't matter.  I'll place the walkthrough
             for both paths in here.

             San d'Oria:  Head to K-8 in Tahrongi Canyon to zone into Buburimu
                          Peninsula.  Head to I-9 to zone into Mhaura.  Catch
                          the ferry to Selbina and exit out to Valkurm Dunes
                          once you get there.  Make your way to L-6 to reach La
                          Theine Plateau and head to D-4, which will take you to
                          West Ronfaure.  Enter Northern San d'Oria in I-5 and
                          head to the Windurstian consulate in H-9.  Talk to the
                          people in the back room .  They'll send you to Halver.
                          Enter Chateau d'Oraguille and he can be found right
                          inside.  Your next destination is Ghelsba Outpost.  Go
                          back out to West Ronfaure and enter Ghelsba Outpost at
                          H-7, you'll find Warchief Vatgit.  Kill it, then go
                          back to the Windurstian consulate to complete this leg
                          of the mission.

                          Head back to Valkurm Dunes and make your way to the
                          Konschtat Highlands zone at M-11.  Head south to I-12
                          to zone to North Gustaberg.  Go south to E-12 to South
                          Gustaberg and enter Bastok Markets at J-7.  Head to
                          the Metalworks and you'll find the Windurstian
                          consulate at I-7.  They'll send you to Pius.  He's in
                          the President's building.  He in turn will send you to
                          Grohm, who can be found in the craftmen's eatery.

                          Now get together a party.  You'll be entering a fight
                          capped at level 25, so make sure you bring the
                          appropriate equipment.  Once you have your party
                          together, head out to North Gustaberg through the exit
                          in Port Bastok.  Zone into the Palborough Mines at
                          K-3.  Head to the elevator in I-8 and ride it up to
                          the third floor.  Then head to H-10 to zone into
                          Waughroon Shrine.  When everyone' ready, examine the
                          burning circle to enter the fight.  Once everyone's
                          ready, head in.  It's recommended to sleep the dragon
                          while you kill the ahriman first.  Once the ahriman is
                          dead, kill the dragon.  When they're both dead, you'll
                          view a cutscene.  Head back to the consulate to finish
                          this leg of the mission.

             Bastok:  Head to K-8 in Tahrongi Canyon to zone into Buburimu
                      Peninsula.  Head to I-9 to zone into Mhaura.  Catch the
                      ferry to Selbina and exit out to Valkurm Dunes once you
                      get there.  Make your way to the Konschtat Highlands zone
                      at M-11.  Head south to I-12 to zone to North Gustaberg.
                      Go south to E-12 to South Gustaberg and enter Bastok
                      Markets at J-7.  Head to the Metalworks and you can find
                      the Windurstian consulate in I-7.  Talk to the people in
                      there.  They'll send you to Pius, who can be found in the
                      President's building.  Now you'll have to grab a few
                      pickaxes and head over to Palborough Mines.  Exit to North
                      Gustaberg through the exit in Port Bastok and zone into
                      Palborough Mines at K-3.  Ride the elevator in I-8 to the
                      top floor.  You're looking for a mythril seam, which can
                      usually be found in I-9.  Mine it for some mine gravel,
                      then take that to the refiner in I-6.  Trade it with the
                      door and pull the lever.  Then head down to the level
                      right below you and retrieve the mythril sand.  Take this
                      back to the consulate to complete this leg of the mission.

                      Head back to Valkurm Dunes and make your way to the La
                      Theine Plateau zone at L-6.  Head to D-4, which will take
                      you to West Ronfaure.  Enter Northern San d'Oria in I-5
                      and head to the Windurstian consulate in H-9.  Talk to the
                      people in the back room .  They'll send you to talk to
                      Halver.  Enter Chateau d'Oraguille and you'll find him
                      right inside.  Talk to him, then get together a party.

                      You'll be entering a fight capped at level 25, so make
                      sure you bring the appropriate equipment.  Once you're
                      ready, head back out to West Ronfaure and enter Ghelsba
                      Outpost at E-4.  Make your way to the top of Ghelsba
                      Outpost and at H-8, enter the tent.  It'll take you to a
                      tunnel that zones you to Fort Ghelsba.  In Fort Ghelsba,
                      head to H-7 where you'll find an elevator.  Ride it up and
                      make your way to J-8 and enter Yughott Grotto.  Zone into
                      Horlais Peak at J-6 and examine the burning circle when
                      everyone's ready to enter the fight.  Once everyone's has
                      entered, head up.  It's recommended to sleep dragon while
                      you kill the ahriman first.  Once the ahriman is dead,
                      kill the dragon.  Once they're both dead, you'll view a
                      cutscene.  Head back to the consulate to complete this leg
                      of the mission.

             Once you're done with the tasks in both nations, head back to
             Kupipi in Heavens Tower to complete the mission.

Reward:      Rank 3, 3,000 gil, Adventurer's Certificate (key item), rank points
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  3-1
Mission Name:               To Each His Own Right
Minimum Level Recommended:  25
Requirements:               One quarter filled rank point bar

Mission Orders:  On the command of Smih Lafihna, captain of the Sibyl Guards,
                 you are requested to track down the Minister of the Orastery,
                 Ajido-Marujido, and discover his true intentions.  Inquire at
                 the Orastery if you lose track of him.

What To Do:  Head to Heavens Tower and talk to Kupipi.  She'll give you a
             Starway Stairway bauble (key item).  Go through the blue glowing
             door and go all the way up to the top floor and speak to Rhy
             Epocan for a cutscene.  You can use the glowing light to get back
             down to the first floor quicker.  Now head to Port Windurst and
             talk to Hakkuru-Rinkuru in the Orastery.  Your next stop is Castle
             Oztroja.

             Head to G-4 in Tahrongi Canyon to zone into Meriphataud Mountains.
             Then zone into Castle Oztroja at K-8.  You'll want to head to the
             trap door at I-8 and fall down through the door.  You'll view a
             cutscene.  Then head back to Rhy Epocan to complete the mission.

Reward:      Rank points
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  3-2
Mission Name:               Written in the Stars
Minimum Level Recommended:  30
Requirements:               Complete mission 3-1

Mission Orders:  On the command of Zubaba, the head lady-in-waiting, you are to
                 journey beneath the central magic tower of the Horutoto Ruins.
                 There, you are to report to the facility managed by Heavens
                 Tower, which protects the talisman that seals Castle Zvahl.
                 Render whatever assistance is necessary.

What To Do:  Enter Heavens Tower and head up to the second floor and speak to
             Zubaba.  You'll view a cutscene and receive a Charm of light (key
             item).  Now, you'll need to find a white mage, black mage, and red
             mage to help you open the three mage gate in the Inner Horutoto
             Ruins.  Exit out to East Sarutabaruta and enter the tower at J-7 to
             enter the Inner Horutoto Ruins.

             Head to the room in G-8 and go through the cracked wall in the
             north wall to the next map.  Make your way to E-10 and go through
             the door.  Head straight west and go through the cracked wall to
             the next map.  In H-9 you'll find the three mage gate.  Have the
             three mages stand on their corresponding color to open the gate.
             Once through, head through the "wall" in H-8 to the next map.  Find
             the gate of light and examine it for a cutscene.  Once you're done,
             head back to Zubaba to complete the mission.

             If you're repeating this mission or doing it once you're past rank
             five, you'll instead need to kill wendigos near the gate of light
             for three rusty daggers.  Trade these to Zubaba to complete the
             mission.

Reward:      Rank points
Repeatable:  Yes
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  3-3
Mission Name:               A New Journey
Minimum Level Recommended:  45
Requirements:               Complete mission 3-1, have a full rank point bar

Mission Orders:  As requested by the Star Sibyl, you are to render service at
                 the Embassy of Windurst in Jeuno.  Great responsibility and
                 tact are required.

What To Do:  Head to the top floor of Heavens Tower and examine the vestal
             chambers door for a cutscene.  Now, you'll have to head to Jeuno.
             Make your way to Meriphataud Mountains and head to D-4 to zone to
             Sauromugue Champaign.  Head to E-6 to zone into Port Jeuno.  Head
             up to Ru'Lude Gardens where you'll find the embassy.  Talk to the
             people inside.  Your next destination is Delkfutt's Tower, which is
             found on Qufim Island.

             You'll need sneak and invisible for the entire climb up if you're
             lower than level 50.  If you have someone helping you who's done
             the mission before, have them lead you up, otherwise, here's some
             directions.  There are monsters in the tower that will aggro to
             magic.

             Zone out to Qufim Island from Port Jeuno.  You'll find the entrance
             to Lower Delkfutt's Tower at F-6.  This the first floor.  Head to
             F-6, going counterclockwise from the entrance to reach some stairs
             to the second floor.  Then head to J-9 to get to the stairs to the
             third floor.  In G-6, you'll find a teleporter.  Use it.

             You're now in Middle Delkfutt's Tower.  Head to the stairs in I-7
             to the fifth floor.  Some paths are blocked, so you'll have to take
             a roundabout path.  On the fifth floor, head to H-9 to the sixth
             floor, then head to the teleporter in F-10.  You're now on the
             seventh floor.  Go straight north to the stairs and go up to the
             eighth floor.  Head east and go up the stairs to the ninth floor.
             Make your way south and go down the stairs back down to the eighth
             floor.  Go west, watch out for the hole, and go up the stairs to go
             back up to the ninth floor.  Then head to the teleporter in F-6.

             You've reached the tenth floor and Upper Delkfutt's Tower.  Go to
             H-7 where you'll find a cermet door.  Go through.  You're looking
             for a different colored gigas named Porphyrion.  He drops six
             Delkfutt keys every time he's killed and repops every fifteen
             minutes.  Keep this in mind if you're doing this in an alliance.
             Once you have your key, trade it to the elevator in H-8 and take
             the stairs all the way down.

             Head through the door.  You're now back on the first floor of the
             tower on the basement level.  Head to M-7 and trade the key to the
             cermet door there for a cutscene.  You can find the exit to the
             first floor in F-8.  Head back to the Windurstian Embassy to
             complete the mission.

Reward:      Rank 4, 5,000 gil, rank points
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  4-1
Mission Name:               Magicite
Minimum Level Recommended:  50
Requirements:               Have a full rank point bar

Mission Orders:  Confiscate the three kinds of magicite in Davoi, Beadeaux, and
                 Castle Oztroja to prevent the resurrection of the Shadow Lord.

What To Do:  This mission begins at the Windurstian Embassy in Ru'Lude Gardens.
             Talk to the people in there to receive an Archducal Audience Permit
             (key item).  Head over to the Palace and examine the doors for a
             cutscene.  At this point, you'll need to finish a few quests and
             cutscenes to progress any further in the mission.

             First, head to Upper Jeuno.  Find Baudin in G-7 and talk to him.
             He'll ask for some coeurl meat.  You can go out and kill coeurls,
             or, if you have the money, you can purchase one from the auction
             house.  Trade it to Baudin and he'll give you a Crest of Davoi (key
             item).

             Next, head to I-8 in Upper Jeuno and talk to Paya-Sabya for a
             cutscene.  Then head down to Lower Jeuno.  Enter Muckvix's Junk
             Shop in H-9.  Head to the back room and talk to Muckvix for a
             cutscene.  When it's finished, he'll give you a Yagudo torch (key
             item).

             You'll now have to enter the Tenshodo Headquarters, which requires
             you to be a Tenshodo member.  If you aren't one yet, you better go
             get an invite.  I'm not going to tell you how to become one because
             that's a quest and this guide will only pertain to quests that
             coincide with missions.  Head to the very back into Aldo's Room and
             talk to Aldo for a cutscene.  When it's done, he'll give you a
             silver bell (key item).  You should also have a coruscant rosary
             (key item) and a black matinee necklace (key item) from doing the
             two quests Mysteries of Beadeaux I & II.

             Now that you're all set, it's time to head out.

             Davoi:  Head to H-7 where you'll find a wall of dark arts.  Examine
                     it to go through to Monastic Cavern.  Head all the way in
                     and examine the magicite for a cutscene.

             Beadeaux:  Head to H-7 to go down to the lower map.  At the
                        intersection you come to, head east to zone into Qulun
                        Dome.  Head in and examine the door to open it.  You
                        have to be really close to it.  Head all the way in and
                        examine the magicite for a cutscene.

             Castle Oztroja:  Head to I-8 where you'll find the trap door and
                              levers.  One of them will open the door and the
                              other will open the trap door.  They change every
                              Vana'diel day.  Head through and at J-8, the map
                              changes.  From here, head to G-7 to another map.
                              Head north to I-7 to yet another map.  Finally,
                              make your way to H-9 where you'll find two torches
                              and two Yagudo.  If you're by yourself, make sure
                              they face away before attempting to examine the
                              torch.  You have to be facing a certain way and be
                              extremely close to them to light it.  Once you're
                              through, head west to the brass door.  Go through
                              and zone into the Altar Room.  You'll view a
                              cutscene upon entry if this is your last magicite
                              to visit.  Once it's done, head all the way in and
                              examine the magicite for a cutscene.

             Go back to Ru'Lude Gardens and examine the doors to the audience
             chamber for a cutscene.  Then head back to the Windurstian Embassy
             and talk to everyone in there.

Reward:      Rank 5, 10,000 gil, rank points, Airship Pass (key item)
             If you already have the Airship Pass, you'll receive 20,000 gil
             instead.
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  5-1
Mission Name:               The Final Seal
Minimum Level Recommended:  50
Requirements:               Have a half filled rank point bar

Mission Orders:  On the Star Sibyl's command, you are to head north to the ruins
                 of Fei'Yin, somewhere on the Beaucedine Glacier.  There, you
                 are to confirm whether the final seal is doing its job.

What To Do:  Examine the vestal chambers door for a cutscene.  You'll be
             entering a fight with a level 50 cap, so make sure you have the
             appropriate equipment.  Once you have your party together, head
             over to Beaucedine Glacier.  If you don't have the Vahzl telepoint
             crystal, you'll have to walk.  Head over to East Ronfaure and zone
             into Ranguemont Pass at K-4.  At F-10, talk to the NPC behind the
             contraption and he'll open the door for you.  Once through, head to
             L-4 to zone out to Beaucedine Glacier.  If you are lower than level
             55, you'll will get aggro here.  You'll need to head to Fei'Yin and
             the path is a long and roundabout one.  The zone is at J-4.

             Fei'Yin has numerous undead and things that aggro to magic.  You'll
             want to make your way to K-8 where you'll find a cermet gate.  Go
             through that to zone into Qu'Bia Arena.  Examine the burning circle
             there and enter the fight once everyone's ready.  You'll be up
             against a whole bunch of skeletons.  If you have a bard with you,
             they'll make the fight easier as undead have a higher resistance to
             sleep than lullaby.  Your target will be the larger skeleton as
             once he's dead, the fight will be over.

             When you're done there, head back to Windurst to finish the
             mission.

Reward:      Rank points
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  5-2
Mission Name:               The Shadow Awaits
Minimum Level Recommended:  65
Requirements:               Complete mission 5-1, have a full rank point bar

Mission Orders:  As written in the stars and interpreted by the Star Sibyl, you
                 are destined to journey to Castle Zvahl, which towers over
                 Xarcabard, the end of the known lands.  There, you are to
                 witness what fate has in store for our world.

What To Do:  Head to the vestal chambers door and examine it for a cutscene.

             If you're lower than level 72, you'll need to bring some silent oil
             and prism powder to make this mission move faster as you will be
             walking through Xarcabard, Castle Zvahl Baileys, and Castle Zvahl
             Keep.  You'll be encountering demons and each type of beastmen in
             the castle.  Once you have your party together, head over to
             Xarcabard.  If you don't have the Vahzl telepoint crystal, you'll
             have to walk.  Head to F-6 in Beaucedine Glacier to zone into
             Xarcabard.  Take this opportunity to get the Vahzl telepoint.  It's
             located in H-8.  Head west to E-7/8 to zone into Castle Zvahl
             Baileys.

             At G-8 you'll come to an intersection.  Head south, go down the
             stairs and head to F-8 to the next map.  Go south again and go up
             the stairs at either H-9 or I-9.  Head west and go down the stairs
             in G-9.  Follow the path until you come to an intersection at H-9.
             Head north, then west.  Head north at the next intersection you
             come to.  Then east at the next intersection and go up the stairs.
             Then head west and up the long flight of stairs to zone into
             Castle Zvahl Keep.

             Head in and go north to H-7 to the gate.  If someone is level 72 or
             higher, have that person be the designated door opener.  Head north
             to the next gate.  Right past that gate, to the immediate west is
             an ore door.  Head through that and straight west through the next
             one.  Turn north and head through the next one.  Go west, then
             north to the long flight of stairs up.  Then make your way to F-8
             to the next map.  Head straight to the machine you see.  It's a
             teleporter.  Take them until you've ridden all four.  The last will
             send you to I-7 on the next map.  Go to G-7 to find an ore door.
             Go through to zone into the Throne Room.

             You'll be entering an uncapped fight against the Shadow Lord.  This
             fight has two parts to it.  For the first part, the Shadow Lord has
             two forms.  In one form, he's immune to magic.  In the other form,
             he's immune to physical attacks.  Once you beat his first form,
             you'll be given about thirty seconds before he starts attacking
             again.  In the second part, he'll do nothing but an AoE attack
             called Implosion.  Once you've beaten him, you'll view a long
             cutscene.  Head back to San d'Oria to finish the mission.

Reward:      Rank 6, 20,000 gil, rank points
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  6-1
Mission Name:               Full Moon Fountain
Minimum Level Recommended:  65
Requirements:               Have a half filled rank point bar

Mission Orders:  At the request of the Orastery, you are to go to the
                 southwestern magic tower of the Horutoto Ruins, located in West
                 Sarutabaruta.  Deep within you will find a laboratory, where
                 you are ordered to switch on the magical gizmo.

What To Do:  Head to Port Windurst and talk to Hakkuru-Rinkuru inside the
             Orastery for a cutscene.  Now get together a few high levels to
             help you with the next part.  It helps if you have a summoner or
             someone who can sub summoner.

             Zone out to West Sarutabaruta and enter the tower at F-11 to enter
             the Outer Horutoto Ruins.  Head to I-8 and in the go through the
             cracked wall in the east wall.  Head straight east and go through
             the next cracked wall.  You'll be in a small room with the ten
             cardians and the magical gizmo.  Put sneak up and examine the
             magical gizmo to pop four Jack cardians.  You can pull them one at
             a time with an avatar.

             Once they're dead, examine the magical gizmo for a cutscene.  Head
             back to Hakkuru-Rinkuru again.  Now, you'll have to head to the
             Full Moon Fountain.  Head to the three mage gate and enter the
             Toraimarai Canal.  If you're lower than level 70, you'll need sneak
             for the entire trip.  Go down the stairs at H-7 and go south, then
             west, then south again and go back up the stairs.  Then make your
             way to F-8 where you'll find a door.  Go through and zone into the
             Full Moon Fountain for a cutscene to complete the mission.

Reward:      Rank points
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  6-2
Mission Name:               Saintly Invitation
Minimum Level Recommended:  65
Requirements:               Complete mission 6-1, have a full rank point bar

Mission Orders:  A mission issued by Heavens Tower.  In reply to the Yagudo Holy
                 One's invitation, you are to compete and triumph at the contest
                held at Balga's Dais deep within Giddeus.

What To Do:  Head to the vestal chambers door and examine it for a cutscene.
             Get together a party and head to Giddeus.  You'll be entering an
             uncapped fight against four Yagudo.  Head to G-12 in Giddeus to
             zone into Balga's Dais.  When you're ready, examine the burning
             circle to enter the fight.  It's recommended to sleep them all
             first, so having someone with Sleepga II or Horde Lullaby would be
             good.  Kill them in this order:  Gentle (WHM), Profound (SMN),
             Bloodfaced (SAM), and Poisonmist (NIN).  Fight the white mage away
             from the rest because when Benediction is used, it'll wake up the
             rest of the Yagudo and keep the summoner's avatar slept.  Also, be
             careful of Mijin Gakure.

             Your next stop is Castle Oztroja.  Head to the top floor and kill
             flagellants until a judgment key drops.  Then enter the brass door.
             You can open it by examining any of the torches in one of the four
             rooms.  You'll now need to examine the brass statue inside and
             enter the three passwords.  They change daily and you can find a
             list on any FFXI site.  Once you fall down the door, you'll have to
             make your way north to the brass door.  There's an HNM there named
             the Yagudo High Priest that you need to get past.  If you make it
             to the brass door with no aggro, trade your judgment key to it and
             go in.  Talk to the Yagudo NPC inside.  Then head back to Windurst
             to complete the mission.
             door with no aggro, trade your

Reward:      Rank 7, 40,000 gil, Ashura Necklace (level 54), rank points
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  7-1
Mission Name:               The Sixth Ministry
Minimum Level Recommended:  65
Requirements:               Have a half filled rank point bar

Mission Orders:  At the request of the Optistery, you ar to find former minister
                 Karaha-Baruha's laboratory in Toraimarai Canal, and delve
                 deeper into the mystery of the Book of the Gods.

What To Do:  Head to the Optistery on the north map of Windurst Waters and talk
             to Tosuka-Porika for a cutscene.  He'll give you an optistery ring
             (key item).  Your next destination is Toraimarai Canal, so get some
             high level friends to help you with this part.

             Head to Toraimarai Canal and make your way to G-8 of the second
             map.  If you're lower than level 70, you'll need sneak for the
             entire trip.  Once you get there, you'll need to kill four slimes
             named hinge oil.  Once they're all dead, the marble door to the
             west up the stairs will become unlocked.  Go through it to enter
             the small laboratory.  You'll find many Tome of Magic points.
             Check each until you get a cutscene.  Head back to Tosuka-Porika to
             complete the mission.

Reward:      Blank Book of the Gods (key item), rank points
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  7-2
Mission Name:               Awakening of the Gods
Minimum Level Recommended:  70
Requirements:               Complete mission 7-1, have a full rank point bar

Mission Orders:  Rhinostery minister Rukususu has traveled to Elshimo to
                 investigate the facts concerning Iru-Kuiru, a research from
                 thirty years past.  The Rhinostery has asked you to bring
                 Minister Rukususu back for her own safety.

What To Do:  Head to the Rhinostery on the southern map of Windurst Waters and
             talk to Leepe-Hoppe on the roof.  Then speak to Kerutoto inside the
             Rhinostery.  Next, head to Kazham.

             Close to where you exit the airship area, you'll find Vanono.  Talk
             to her.  Then head to the Mihgo residence and speak to Romaa Mihgo.
             Next, you'll need a few people to help you with the next part.
             Rent a chocobo and head to I-8 in Yuhtunga Jungle to zone into
             Yhoator Jungle.  If you don't have the Yhoat telepoint crystal,
             take this opportunity to get it.  It's located at F-9.  Head to
             the Temple of Uggalepih zone at J-11.

             If you're lower than level 70, you'll need invisible for the entire
             trip through the temple.  From the entrance, follow the left wall
             and head to K-3 to zone back out to Yhoator Jungle.  Then follow
             the right wall to zone back into the Temple of Uggalepih.  On this
             map, level 75s will get aggroed.  You'll want to make your way to
             the room at J-9 where you'll find the NM tonberry named Bonze
             Marberry.  He drops two cursed keys every time he dies.  Everyone
             on this mission will need one.  He takes fifteen minutes to repop
             after he dies, so keep this in mind if doing this with a large
             group.

             Once you have your key, head to J-6 and use your key on the door
             there for a cutscene.  Once it's done, head back to Leepe-Hoppe to
             complete the mission.

Reward:      Rank 8, 60,000 gil, rank points
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  8-1
Mission Name:               Vain
Minimum Level Recommended:  70
Requirements:               Have a half filled rank point bar

Mission Orders:  At the request of the Aurastery, you are to discover the
                 whereabouts of their former minister who fled from his duties
                 several years ago.

What To Do:  Head over the Aurastery on the north map of the Windurst Waters and
             speak to Moreno-Toeno for a cutscene.  He'll give you a "Star
             Seeker" (key item).

             Your next stop is Ro'Maeve.  Head over to Meriphataud Mountains and
             zone into the Sanctuary of Zi'Tah at L-4.  Then head to F-5 to zone
             into Ro'Maeve.  You'll need sneak for the entire trip.  Everything
             here aggroes to magic, so you'll probably want to bring some silent
             oil.  Make your way to Qu'Hau Springs at H-6 and examine the spring
             for a cutscene.

             Your next destination is Davoi.  You'll need to gather together an
             alliance for this next part.  Enter Davoi and head to H-11 to zone
             into Monastic Cavern.  You'll need invisible for the whole trip
             through Monastic Cavern.  Head to I-8 to zone back out to Davoi.
             You'll now be on the little island in the middle of the map.  Make
             your way up to the house and you'll need to kill the NM orc named
             Dirtyhanded Gochakzuk.  He drops two cursed wands every time he's
             killed.  He repops about every fifteen minutes, so keep this in
             mind if you're doing this with a large group of people in this
             mission.

             Once you have your wand, head over to Sedal-Godjal in J-8.  Talk to
             him until he says something about a cursed wand.  Then trade him
             the wand for a cutscene.  When it's done, head back to Moreno-Toeno
             in the Aurastery in Windurst Waters to complete the mission.

Reward:      Rank points
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  8-2
Mission Name:               The Jester Who'd Be King
Minimum Level Recommended:  70
Requirements:               Complete mission 8-1, have a full rank point bar

Mission Orders:  The time for the Dark Dungeon jailbreak is at hand!  At the
                 request of the Manustery, you are to collect the ministry rings
                 from al five ministers.

What To Do:  Head to the Manustery in Windurst Woods and talk to Apururu for a
             cutscene.  She'll give you the Manustery ring (key item).  You'll
             now have to gather the other four rings.

             Head to the north map of Windurst Waters and enter the Optistery.
             Talk to Tosuka-Porika for a cutscene.  He'll give you the Optistery
             ring (key item).

             Next head to Davoi.  Make your way to the central island and speak
             to Sedal-Godjal.  He'll give you the Aurastery ring (key item).

             The next stop is Fei'Yin.  Head to G-9 to get to the lower level.
             Head to F-6 and check the cermet gates for a cutscene.  You'll get
             the Rhinostery ring (key item).

             Now, head back to Apururu.  She'll direct you to Kupipi, so head to
             Heavens Tower and talk to her for a cutscene.  Get together a few
             high levels to help you with the next part.  Zone out to West
             Sarutabaruta and head to the tower in F-4 to enter the Outer
             Horutoto Ruins.  Head to the room in I-6 and go through the cracked
             wall in the east wall to the next map.  Head to G-8 where you'll
             find another cracked wall.  Put sneak up.  It helps if you have a
             summoner or someone who can sub summoner.  Examining the cracked
             wall makes two NM cardians pop.  You can pull them one at a time
             with an avatar.

             Once they're dead, examine the cracked wall for a cutscene.  When
             it's done, you'll get the Orastery ring (key item).  Head back to
             Apururu for a cutscene.  She'll send you over to Shantotto.  Head
             over to Windurst Walls and enter her manor and talk to her for a
             cutscene.  She'll give you a glove of perpetual twilight (key
             item).  Go back to Apururu for another cutscene.

             Now, zone out to East Sarutabaruta and enter the tower in J-7 to
             enter the Inner Horutoto Ruins.  Head past the three mage gate and
             look for the gate of darkness.  It's in the same area as the
             wendigos that drop the rusty daggers.  Examine the gate for a
             cutscene.  Then head back to Apururu to complete the mission.

Reward:      Rank 9, 80,000 gil, rank points
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  9-1
Mission Name:               Doll of the Dead
Minimum Level Recommended:  73
Requirements:               Have a half filled rank point bar

Mission Orders:  The Orastery Minister has awoken and the Bearer of Darkness
                 once again terrorizes Heavens Tower.  At the request of the
                 Manustery you are to speak with a person imprisoned within the
                 Boyahda Tree and discover the truth behind the doll of the
                 dead.

What To Do:  Talk to Apururu in the Manustery in Windurst Woods for a cutscene.
             Then zone into Heavens Tower for a cutscene.  When it's done, head
             to the top floor and examine the vestal chambers door for another
             cutscene.  Then head back to Apururu for another cutscene.  Next,
             get a few high level people together and head to the Boyahda Tree.
             The zone to the Boyahda Tree is at K-12 in the Sanctuary of Zi'Tah.

             Everything you'll be passing in the Boyahda Tree aggroes to sound,
             so you'll need sneak for most of your trip.  You'll first have to
             kill elder goobue until they drop a clump of goobue humus.  Then,
             head to the first map and make your way to F-4 where you'll find a
             solitary mandragora warden NPC there.  Talk to it and it'll say it
             wants something.  Trade it the goobue humus for a cutscene.  Go
             through each selection until you've gone through each at least
             once.

             Head back to Apururu for a cutscene.  You'll be told to head to the
             Full Moon Fountain.  Zone into the Full Moon Fountain to view a
             cutscene that completes the mission.

Reward:      Rank points
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No


Mission #:                  9-2
Mission Name:               Moon Reading
Minimum Level Recommended:  73
Requirements:               Complete mission 9-1, have a full rank point bar

Mission Orders:  To lure the Bearer of Darkness to the Full Moon Fountain, you
                 must collect the three verses of the ancient people.  As her
                 guiding star, the Star Sibyl is counting on you to help her
                 decide the path for Windurst's future.  The fate of Windurst
                 rests upon your shoulders!

What To Do:  Head to the vestal chambers door on the top floor of Heavens Tower
             for a cutscene.  You'll be sent to retrieve three verses.  One from
             Ro'Maeve, Chamber of Oracles, and the Temple of Uggalepih.

             Head to Ro'Maeve and make your way to Qu'Hau Springs.  Examine the
             springs for a cutscene.  You'll receive the Ancient verse of
             Ro'Maeve (key item).

             Now you'll need a few friends to help you with the next area.  Head
             to the D-12 entrance of Quicksand Caves in Western Altepa Desert.
             You'll need sneak for the entire trip.  Follow the left wall to a
             door.  Use the pressure plate to open it.  Go through and follow
             left wall again to another door and pressure plate.  Head through
             the door and go straight to a drop.  Drop down and follow the left
             wall to the Chamber of Oracles.  Zone in to view a cutscene.  When
             it's done you'll receive the Ancient verse of Altepa (key item).

             Your last stop is the Temple of Uggalepih.  You'll need to kill
             Tonberry cutters for an Uggalepih key.  Once you get one, you'll
             need to head to the next map.  From the main entrance, follow the
             right wall to zone back out to Yhoator Jungle.  Follow the left
             wall back into the Temple of Uggalepih.  Head to E-8 where you'll
             find a granite door.  Trade your key to the door to open it.  It
             can also be opened from the inside.  Head into the room and examine
             the ??? point there for a cutscene.  When it's done, you'll receive
             the Ancient verse of Uggalepih (key item).

             When you've collected all three verses, head back to the vestal
             chambers door and examine it for a cutscene.  Your next destination
             is an uncapped fight in the Full Moon Fountain.  You'll have to put
             together a party of people who can enter the fight with you.  Once
             you have, make your way to the Full Moon Fountain.  Make sure you
             have a tank, healer, and sleeper at the very least.  Examine the
             moon spiral once you're ready to enter the fight.

             There's two parts to this fight.  For the first part, you'll be up
             against four ace cardians.  Sleep them all, then kill them in this
             order:  Batons (BLM), Coins (RDM), Swords (PLD), and Cups (WHM).
             After you kill the paladin, keep the white mage slept if you need
             to recover mp.

             For the second part of the fight, Ajido-Marujido joins the fight.
             If he dies, you automatically lose, so keep a healer on him.
             You'll be fighting a manticore and a wyvern.  Ajido-Marujido will
             choose whichever one to fight first, so make sure you assist him.
             Kite whichever one you're not fighting.

             When they're both dead, you'll view a cutscene.  Head back to
             Heavens Tower and examine the vestal chambers door for a cutscene.
             Then check it one more time for one final cutscene.

Reward:      Rank 10, 100,000 gil, Windurstian flag (furnishing), rank points
Repeatable:  No
Skippable:   No

-------
Credits
-------
Square-Enix, for creating Final Fantasy XI Online.
GameFAQs, for posting my FAQ.
The hundreds of thousands of people across the world who play this MMORPG.

-----------------------
Copyright & Other Stuff
-----------------------
Final Fantasy XI Nation Mission Guide/FAQ © 2006
Final Fantasy XI © 2003-2006 Square-Enix, Inc.
Disclaimer: This FAQ shall not be reproduced without the expressed written
consent of the creator.