Title:  Jersey Devil Walkthru
Author:  charjer0
E-mail:  charjer@gmail.com
Version:  0.1
Date:  December 4, 2000

========
Contents
========
A Little About The Game
Barebones Walkthru
Default Controls
Items
Walkthru
Secret Levels
Cheats
Credits
Copyright and Other Stuff

=======================
A Little About The Game
=======================
If you've played games like the Crash Bandicoot series and Jackie Chan 
Stuntmaster, you'll notice this game is very similar.  And it is, with 
the exception that you can move the camera.

==================
Barebones Walkthru
==================
Basically, each section has two missions.  To fully complete each 
mission, you must break all the green nitro boxes, free all the hostages 
in each mission, defeat all the bosses, and stay alive.  There are also 
secret levels in the game that can be accessed when Jersey Devil's power 
is at a certain level.  The only way to raise Jersey Devil's power is by 
destroying the labs in each mission, and that will only happen if you 
find all the nitro boxes in each mission.

================
Default Controls
================
Since the buttons in the menus are self explanatory, I will just list 
the default controls during game play and will refer to these buttons in 
this walkthru.  Just remember which buttons are which if you change from 
the default controls.  Also note that if you have a dual shock analog 
controller, you can use the left analog stick.  However you cannot use 
both the D-Pad and the left analog stick.  It's one or the other.

/\ - Pick up small objects/Move large objects while holding button and 
using direction/Hold after jumping to glide
[] - Attack/Tail swipe attack while jumping/Throw small objects you 
picked up/Activate switches
O - Duck
X - Jump
D-Pad/Left analog stick - Move around/Must use if gliding
L2/R2 - Move camera
R1 - Display or hide onscreen information (i.e. health, lives, etc.)
Select - Turn on/off vibration
Start - Pause/Brings up in game menu/Skips FMVs and hints

=====
Items
=====
Pumpkins - Collect 100 to gain an extra life
Gold pumpkins - Restores Jersey Devil's health
Devil tails - Extra life
Green nitro boxes - Break all in a level to get a nitro bottle
Nitro bottle - Increases Jersey Devil's power level
Tokens - Collect K, N, A, R, and F tokens to get the golden K token
Golden K token - Required in certain places in a level to open up doors 
with a golden K
Brown boxes - Contains goodies; jump on them to break
TNT boxes - Pick them up and throw at enemies to kill them faster; Pick 
them up and throw them at trees or statues to knock them down
Large boxes - Move them to get to places you can't normally get to
Checkered boxes - Checkpoint boxes; if you die, you'll return to the 
last checkered box you broke open; an arrow appears to show you which 
way to go
Signs - Points to the mission entrance

========
Walkthru
========
The game opens with an FMV telling you the origins of the game's hero, 
Jersey Devil.  Then the start screen appears.  Select start, or load 
game if you already have a save and I'll meet you in Downtown.

--------
Downtown
--------
This is where the FMV ends and the game begins.  So, since the tokens 
are there on the street, go and collect them to get the golden K token.  
Currently, there is only one door that is accessible.  That door leads 
to the museum.  So just keep going straight from where you picked up the 
last token, assuming you went clockwise around the water fountain.  
There should be a sign on the side that says "Museum Madness".  Anyway, 
there should be a golden K on the gates to the museum level.  So punch 
it open and walk right in.

------
Museum
------
-Museum Madness-
*Area 1 - 8 Nitro Boxes*
Start off by getting that 1st nitro box to the left of the statue.  Now, 
go to the right of the statue, collect the pumpkins, and punch open the 
gates.  Get the pumpkins inside, attack the hopping pumpkin, and punch 
the door to get the K token.  To the right is a brown box, some 
pumpkins, and if you jump into the tree you can get an extra life.  Now 
go back through the gates and go up the stairs.  Go up to the doors and 
take a left.  Go through the opening in the hedges for the 2nd nitro 
box.  Next, jump onto the wall and go down.  Attack the hopping pumpkin 
and punch open the door to get the F token and the 3rd nitro box.  Don't 
miss the brown box.  Now move the large box to the gate and jump onto it 
and over the gate.  Go back up the stairs again, go left and get that 
brown box by the tree.  Go to the right and you'll encounter a new enemy 
that throws bombs when it gets hit.  Continue around the platform and 
the bushes until you see a hopping pumpkin.  Attack it, punch the door, 
and get the N token.  Continuing on to the right, another enemy will pop 
up.  Fight if you want, then jump onto the box next to the shed.  On top 
of the shed is the A token and the 4th nitro box.  From the top of the 
shed, jump forward and do a glide towards another hopping pumpkin.  
Attack that one and punch open the door to get the R token, giving you 
the golden K token, and the 5th nitro box.  When you get the golden K 
token, you'll be given a short scene of which door you have to enter.  
Now turn the camera around, go forward around the bushes and the 
platform and you should see a large box.  Move this large box to the 
platform then jump onto it.  Break open the 6th nitro box and climb up 
the flagpole.  From the top of the flagpole, jump and glide to the roof 
of the museum.  Go to the left and jump onto the front of the museum.  
Walk towards the edge and turn the camera.  You should see the 7th nitro 
box.  Go break it, jump back onto the roof of the museum, go to the left 
which will be the opposite side of which you jumped onto it, and you 
should see another flagpole.  Jump and glide down to the platform that 
has the flagpole (it's slightly lower than the other one you climbed up 
onto) and you should see the 8th nitro box.  Now go to the door that was 
shown to you, punch it open, and walk in.

*Area 2 - 13 Nitro Boxes*
First of all, change the camera view so you know where you are.  Now 
follow the path around and jump the gap while dodging the spider waiting 
to punch you in your attempt.  It takes three hits to destroy the 
spider, so either fight it or continue on.  Follow the path and attack 
the hopping pumpkin.  Break the 9th nitro box.  Now turn around.  You 
should've noticed another platform while attacking the hopping pumpkin.  
Jump to it, then to the next platform and break the 10th nitro box.  Now 
go back to where the 9th nitro box was and continue on.  After breaking 
open the checkered box, you'll notice another new enemy, which looks 
like a giant bee.  Attack by doing a jumping tail swipe (jump then 
attack).  Continue on the path until you come to the third giant bee and 
you'll see big guys hurling barrels.  Be careful of these guys.  Luckily 
it only takes one hit to take these guys out.  So, do a jumping tail 
swipe on the first one, break the checkered box, go to the right and do 
the same to the other big guy, and hit the switch on the wall.  The game 
will show you what door opens.  Go through it and attack the hopping 
pumpkin you see, then rotate the camera so that it moves to the right.  
You should see another platform.  Jump to it, take care of the hopping 
pumpkin, jump to the next platform, and break open the 11th nitro box.  
A little to the left, you'll see a couple of pumpkins and an extra life.  
You can get these if you want by jumping and gliding.  Otherwise, just 
turn around and follow the path again.  Around the corner, break the 
checkered box.  In the distance you'll see a large box.  Go towards it.  
On the way, break open the 12th nitro box.  On the platform below the 
large box is a spider.  Get rid of it, then do a jumping tail swipe to 
get the large box down.  Move the large box to the edge with the giant 
bee, kill it, continue on, break the 13th nitro box, kill the two giant 
bees, and knock down the next large box.  Move it to the center of the 
platform and jump up on it to get the K token.  Continue on, break open 
the checkered box, continue on, don't miss the brown box, and make your 
way over to the end of the path.  Kill the giant bee and jump onto the 
swinging platform.  It would be helpful to move the camera towards the 
left so that you can see the wooden plank you have to jump to.  At the 
end of the plank you'll see another big guy.  Take care of him, knock 
down the large box, jump onto it and get the A token, then move the 
large box to the left of the platform.  Jump on it, then jump to the 
next platform with the checkered box, break it open, and follow the 
arrow.  Jump to the first swinging platform, then to the second, then 
one more time to the platform with the three nitro boxes.  These are the 
14th, 15th, and 16th nitro boxes.  They fall when you get near them, 
giving you the N, R, and F tokens to get the golden K token.  Use the 
golden K token on the door on that platform and go in.  Break open the 
checkered box inside and jump glide to get the pumpkins.  Halfway down 
the stairs are two enemies, the ones that throw bombs when you hit them.  
Going down the second part of the stairs, if you turn the camera so that 
the stairs look like they're going up, you'll see two lives on each side 
of the staircase.  Go get them and I'll see you at the bottom of the 
staircase.  Punch open the door, go in, and break the checkered box.  On 
either side of the door are the 17th and 18th nitro boxes.  Break them 
open and continue down the path, collecting the lives as you go.  
Through the doorway on the other side, you'll see the mission's sub-
boss.  I don't know his name, but he does throw rocks.  Start out by 
going to the left onto the brown path.  Do a jumping glide over to the 
extra life and don't miss the other one to the right.  Now turn the 
camera so you can see the moving platform.  Jump to it, then jump to the 
next one, then finally jump to other side of where you came in.  Break 
the checkered box.  Instead of following the arrow, if you look in the 
background, you should see a neon green thing.  That neon green thing is 
the 19th nitro box.  Go break it.  Then go around the pyramid and break 
the 20th nitro box.  If you go back to the right towards the gap, you 
should see a golden pumpkin and another nitro box on the platform behind 
it.  So jump to the platform with the golden pumpkin, then jump to the 
moving platform, and then jump to the platform with the 21st nitro box 
and break it.  Then make your way across the gap and up the pyramid to 
face the sub-boss.  Be careful of falling rock.  It takes about four 
hits to take him out.  When you beat him, go down the path he opens up, 
and don't miss the extra life.

*Area 3 - 4 Nitro Boxes, 2 Hostages*
Go forward from your current position to the pumpkins.  A boxing spider 
jumps down.  This enemy is very difficult, so good luck.  It takes about 
4-5 punches or 6 jumping tail swipes to take it out.  When you're done 
with that guy, take a look around the room.  You'll see the mission's 
first hostage.  You'll also see four stone tablets on each wall and the 
sub-boss in the middle of the room.  What you need to do is move all 
four stone tables (they're like large boxes).  Behind one is the switch 
that releases the hostage.  Another hides the 22nd nitro box.  One hides 
two golden pumpkins and another hides the passage to the next part of 
the area.  So after you've moved all the stone tablets, gotten the nitro 
box, and released the hostage, move the sub-boss to the door that hid 
the opening to the rest of the area and jump through.  Go down the 
stairs, hit the switch, then go in the door.  Inside are four coffins, 
the K token, and a nitro box.  Get the K token.  Each of the zombies in 
the coffins cough up another token.  It takes about 4-5 punches to take 
them out.  Beat them up to get other tokens and get the golden K token, 
and don't miss the 23rd nitro box.  Now go through the door, break the 
checkered box, and go down the stairs.  Two boxing spiders jump down 
while you're descending, but you can dodge them.  At the bottom of the 
stairs, hit the switch and then go in the door.  In this room you'll see 
the A token in the middle of the room and a rolling boulder.  First, 
grab the A token.  Now run away from the middle of the room.  See that 
round thing in the middle?  If you jump on it 2-3 times in a row, it'll 
open up and the boulder will roll in, opening up one of the many doors 
in the room.  Don't fall in though.  When you get the boulder in, go in 
the door that opens.  The room you enter should have two rotating 
platforms and one platform in the middle with the F token on it.  Make 
your way to the middle platform, get the F token, make sure you jump on 
the switch, then make your way back to the boulder room.  You'll see the 
N token and two boulders.  You have to do the same to these two boulders 
as what you did with the first boulder.  So get the N token and put 
these boulders in the hole.  Go in the door that opens and you should 
see a bunch of swinging platforms.  Make your way to the other side, 
break the 24th nitro box, and get the R token.  Watch out for the flame.  
Now make your way back to the boulder room again.  Get both boulders 
into the hole and the K token will appear and you'll get another golden 
K token.  Look for the door with the golden K over the door.  That's the 
door you want to go through.  Break the checkered box and descend the 
stairs.  There are a couple of zombies, but you can easily dodge them.  
Hit the switch at the bottom of the stairs and go through the door.  
Straight ahead is a snake and a brown box behind it.  The brown box 
contains the K token.  The snake takes about three hits to kill it.  The 
next snake holds the N token.  Past the third snake is a brown box with 
the A token.  Up a pipe you'll see the last nitro box, so go break it.  
When you get to the stack of pumpkins a little further down, a boxing 
spider jumps down.  This spider has the R token.  Four or five jumping 
tail swipes takes care of it.  After this spider, continue on towards 
the door, where another boxing spider jumps down.  This one holds the F 
token.  After getting the golden K token, go through the door.  Inside, 
break the checkered box.  You'll see the second hostage.  So make your 
way across on the right to the switch to release him.  Jump onto the 
platform to the left and it'll go down, opening the door to the 
mission's boss fight.  Go on in.

*Boss Fight - Pumpkin Head*
The first part of this fight is the most difficult.  What you have to do 
is get him to charge into the pipes, which stuns him for a few seconds.  
While he's stunned, go attack him.  While you're fighting this guy, Dr. 
Knarf throws bombs down into the fighting area.  Pumpkin Head uses this 
attack until he gets down to 50% health.  Then he brings out a cane.  
This IMO is the easiest part of this boss fight.  When he gets down to 
25%, he starts spinning with the cane.  What you have to do here is run 
away so that he gets dizzy from spinning.  When he gets dizzy, hit him, 
then repeat.  When you win, Jersey blows up the lab, if you found all 
the nitro boxes.

Now you'll get warped back to Downtown, where you'll see a car crash 
into the next level, Green Park.  You can either go here or go and do 
the second mission in the museum.  It's all up to you.

-Dome Sweet Dome-
*Area 1 - 8 Nitro Boxes*
The eight nitro boxes in the first area are all in the same place as in 
the first area as Museum Madness, but the tokens are in different 
places.  Go up the stairs, go right, through the hedges, jump onto the 
wall, and do a jump glide to get the A token.  Do the same on the other 
side to get the R token.  In front of the entrance to Museum Madness is 
the N token.  You'll find the K token by the lower flagpole.  And to get 
the F token, you have to do a jump glide from the front of the museum.  
There'll be a line of pumpkins, so you should be able to find it.  You 
should also have noticed that the shed in the back is open.  Hit the 
lever inside to access the main mission area.

*Area 2 - 5 Nitro Boxes, 1 Hostage*
First of all, break the 9th nitro box.  Now jump to the red gear to the 
right, then to the blue gear, and then the red gear, which should go 
down and bring down a brown gear.  Go there, then jump from that gear to 
the platform.  Follow the platform and jump to the spider-web.  Get rid 
of the giant bee and jump to the next platform.  Jump from the next 
spider-web to the next platform.  Break the 10th nitro box.  Now, see 
that gold thing in the center?  Do a jumping tail swipe to it, jump to 
the green gear, jump to that gold bridge you made, do another jumping 
tail swipe to the next gold thing, jump to the next green gear, jump 
again to the next gold bridge, turn around, and jump to the spider-web.  
Then get rid of the giant bee, follow the path to the next red gear, and 
ride it down.  This should bring down a set of brown gears.  Take the 
new set of brown gears, jump from them to the spider-webs to the next 
platform, and break the 11th nitro box.  Do the same thing here to the 
gold things you did last time, except instead of turning around to jump 
to a spider-web, keep going along the gold thing and jump to the next 
green gear to the platform.  Then just follow the path again to the red 
gear and ride it down, which again brings down another set of brown 
gears.  Take these set of gears, jump from the spider-web to the 
platform, break the 12th nitro box, make your way up the gold things and 
green gears again, and when you get to the last green gear, ride it up 
and jump to the platform.  Follow the path, hit the switch to release 
the hostage, then make your way to the platform where the hostage was 
and break the 13th nitro box.  Then ride the red gear down to the bottom 
again.  This opens a door and the entrance to the next area. 

*Area 3 - 12 Nitro Boxes*
First of all, rotate the camera so that you know where the opening of 
the elevator shaft is.  Now you can climb up the cable and get the 
goodies.  Make your way out of the elevator shaft.  Hang a right and go 
down the hallway.  A brown box holds the N token and don't forget to 
break the 14th nitro box.  Back down the hallway and hang another right 
down to the other hallway.  Beware of giant bees.  A brown box in this 
hallway holds the K token and don't miss breaking the 15th nitro box.  
Now go through the door and you'll see a bunch of brown boxes, a TNT 
box, and three eggs.  One of the brown boxes contains the A token.  In 
order to open the next set of doors, you have to kill the three birds 
that pop up from the eggs.  Four to five hits should take care of them.  
Go through the doors.  Same deal here in this room.  Destroy the enemy 
to unlock the doors.  Don't forget about the checkered box.  In the next 
room, to the immediate right of the doors are the 16th nitro box and a 
brown box that holds the R token.  Now make your way to the next room.  
The jumps here are pretty tricky, but you should be able to make it.  
Don't miss the F token in this room.  Once you get the golden K token, 
go through the doors to the next room.  Break the 17th nitro box in this 
room.  Same deal in this room; destroy all the enemies to unlock the 
door.  In the next room, break the 18th nitro box.  Then jump on the 
stone block and over the wood nailed up blocking the doorway.  Then move 
the large box all the way over to the opposite of the room.  Jump onto 
the box, over to the scaffolding, then towards the pillar to get the K 
token.  Go and get the rest of the goodies, then break the 19th nitro 
box close to one of the pteradactyls, it also holds the N token, and the 
20th nitro box on the other side of the room at the top of the tree.  
Now, if you look around the room, you'll see three switches.  Each of 
these switches activates each of the pteradactyls, so taking them on one 
at a time is a good idea.  Four to five jumping tail swipes takes care 
of them and each has a token, so you have to kill them anyway.  Then 
when you get the golden K token, jump on the platform with the golden K 
and it'll move; jump down the hole.

*Area 4 - 5 Nitro Boxes, 1 Hostage*
Start out by going around to the other side of the platform and jump 
gliding down the platform with the 21st nitro box.  Then do a jump glide 
to the next platform and get the K token.  Then jump to the swinging 
platform, jump to the next platform, then jump to the higher platform 
and break the 22nd nitro box.  Go down the ramp and get the N token.  
Then jump glide to the platform with the checkered pattern.  Break the 
23rd nitro box, go up the ramp, get the A token, and break the 24th 
nitro box.  Go back down the ramp, go towards the switch and hit it to 
release the hostage.  Go through the opening to the hallway.  Get the F 
token, and run towards the end.  About halfway down the hallway, on the 
left side, you should see a doorway.  Remember this.  When the guy at 
the end comes to life, run back to the doorway you passed by.  Come back 
out, go back towards the end of the hallway and get the R token.  Then 
go back to the doorway you were in, open the door, and go in.  Inside 
will be the area's last three enemies.  It takes about four punches to 
take them out and their attack is similar to Pumpkin Head's first 
attack.  After disposing of them, don't miss the last nitro box behind 
the stereo.  Now go through the door behind the stereo to meet this 
mission's boss.

*Boss Fight - Bone Dinosaur*
This boss fight is relatively easy compared to Pumpkin Head.  Just hit 
and run away, hit and run away.  You cannot attack him while he's 
attacking.  Also, jumping tail swipes seem to be really effective 
against this boss.  And his vulnerable spot is his body.  Head shots 
don't seem to work.  After you beat this boss, the lab should also go 
kerplowie, bringing you back to Downtown.

----------
Green Park
----------
-Bat Caves-
*Area 1 - 18 Nitro Boxes*
Scattered through this area are 17 nitro boxes.  They shouldn't be too 
hard to find.  Just keep searching.  When the number count gets down to 
13, you know you've found them.  The 18th nitro box is located inside 
the gate before entering the main mission area.  Also, watch out for the 
new enemy here, whom I will call onion head.  It takes five hits to take 
them out.  Some of the fountains also hold extra lives.  Do three 
jumping tail swipes to one of the statues for an extra life.  And now 
for the tokens.  The A token is located at the top of one of the 
fountains, one of the ones close to the bridge.  The R token is located 
close to the moat around the second mission entrance.  Once you get 
these two tokens, a cut scene will be shown showing part of the ground 
being blown up.  Go there and drop down the hole.  Beware of bats down 
here.  Follow the passage and hit the switch at the end.  A cut scene 
will be shown of a fountain gaining more water pressure and you should 
see the F token.  Now ride up the elevator by the switch.  At the top is 
the N token.  Now go back down and exit by using the other elevator.  
Now all you have to do is get the F and K tokens.  The F token is 
located at the top of the fountain by the bridge.  The K token is 
located at the top of the fountain in front of the gate with the golden 
K.  Once you get the golden K token, open the gate, watch out for the 
bat, don't miss the 18th nitro box, and enter the main mission area, the 
Bat Caves.

*Area 2 - 8 Nitro Boxes, 1 Hostage*
This next area is fairly linear.  From the starting point, you can jump 
and glide all they way down the stairs.  Or you can go get all the 
pumpkins and beat up the hopping tomato halfway down.  At the bottom are 
two bats.  Get rid of them and continue on down the path.  Before you go 
jumping to the ropes, go to the edge and don't fall off.  Jump to wake 
up the bat and hit it twice to kill it.  Now jump to the rope and jump 
to the next platform.  Do the same thing here but remember that you now 
have limited space to work with.  Once you take care of this bat, 
continue on, take care of that hopping tomato, go down the stairs, and 
don't miss that K token.  Now jump from rope to rope.  At the end, ride 
the moving platform to the other side.  Break the checkered box and 
continue on.  You'll come to a bunch of planks and shooting jets of 
water.  Carefully make your way across.  If you get hit with the jets of 
water, they'll push you right off.  Once you make it across, break the 
19th nitro box and the checkered box, and follow the arrow.  Don't miss 
the 20th and the 21st nitro box.  At this next part, once you get midway 
through the center path, a boulder rolls down.  Just run down and do a 
jumping glide to the TNT box at the end of the center path on the right.  
Otherwise you can try to do a jumping glide off the side as the boulder 
rolls down and glide back to the path.  Either way, make your way to the 
right most path.  Don't miss the extra life on the way up.  Midway 
again, a boulder will start rolling down.  So run back towards the 
screen and hop down to where the extra life was.  When it passes 
overhead, continue on up the path.  Follow the path, break the checkered 
box and the 22nd nitro box.  When you get past the 2nd TNT box, a third 
boulder comes rolling down.  Run along the path, don't miss the 23rd and 
24th nitro boxes.  Once you make it past the halfway point of the 
bridge, you should be safe.  The boulder breaks the bridge and falls 
through at the center.  Continue on.  Break the checkered box and the 
25th nitro box, which also releases a couple of easy to defeat enemies.  
Then do a jumping glide to the next platform.  This next section is kind 
of difficult.  You have to make your way across by using the spider-webs 
and platforms.  Once you make it to the other side, break the checkered 
box, grab the R token, and defeat the onion head for the N token.  Now 
jump onto the rock and make your way up.  Be careful not to hit those 
crystals.  Follow the path to the chains.  Take care of the bats and 
make your way up.  Follow the path up there, hit the switch to release 
the hostage, and break the 26th nitro box, which releases three easy to 
defeat enemies.  Now continue on, break the checkered box, make your way 
across the planks, and don't miss the F token on the way.  At the end, 
jump glide down.  This place should look familiar.  Make your way across 
again and instead of riding the moving platform again, you should see a 
trail of pumpkins.  Do a jumping glide and follow the trail to the A 
token and the gate with the golden K.  Once you get the golden K token, 
open the gate and go on in to the next area.

*Area 3 - 4 Nitro Boxes, 1 Hostage*
Go up the path.  About halfway up, barrels will start coming down.  You 
get damaged if you get hit.  At the top is a big guy.  He's throwing the 
barrels.  Four hits should take care of him.  Continuing on, there are 
razor barriers that come down, but they shouldn't be too hard to dodge.  
Once you make it through, to the left is a gate.  Hit it to make it fall 
down and create a bridge.  Go through, get the goodies, watch out for 
the bad guys, which are carrots, boxing spiders, and an onion head.  
Break the 27th nitro box, continue on down the path and hit the switch 
to release the hostage and break the 28th nitro box.  Now backtrack and 
to down the other way and break the checkered box.  Now jump to the rope 
and climb it all the way up.  Then do a jumping glide to the next rope 
and do the same.  Now do a jumping glide to one of the platforms and 
then jump onto the wall.  You'll notice that every so often a box comes 
up.  If you ride it through the tube, it takes you back to the start of 
the area, so don't ride it all the way.  But do try to catch a ride on 
it.  Right before it goes into the tube, jump to the box past the first 
box on the right side.  Then quickly make your way from box to box to 
the platform before they sink too low in the water.  There's an enemy 
here who takes five hits to die.  After each hit, he coughs up some 
bombs and a token.  After he's dead, break the last two nitro boxes, 
open the gate, and meet this mission's boss.

*Boss Fight - Giant Toad*
This boss fight isn't too hard.  All you pretty much have to do is jump 
to each platform, grab a TNT box, and hurl it at the giant toad.  As for 
its attacks, they're really easy to dodge.  It has two attacks: a tongue 
grab and falling stalactites.  After you defeat this boss, the lab goes 
kerplowie, and you're taken back to Downtown.

Back in Downtown, you'll see Pumpkin Head hopping on a car and entering 
the next level, the Cemetery.  You can go here or do the second mission 
in Green Park, Root Canal.

-Root Canal-
*Area 1 - 18 Nitro Boxes*
The 18 nitro boxes in this area are all located in the same places.  The 
tokens aren't, however.  The A token is near one of the fountains that's 
shooting water high into the air.  Do a jumping glide to get it.  The N 
token is located off the side of the bridge.  The K token is located 
near the entrance to Bat Caves near the top of the water shooting up on 
a fountain.  If the water isn't shooting up, you'll have to go find the 
hole and break it open manually and hit the switch again down there.  
The R token is located near the top of the shooting water of the 
fountain in front of the entrance to Bat Caves.  The F token is located 
over the moat.  Use the fountain near there to help you get it, then 
continue gliding to the island.  Circle the tree and a section should 
open up revealing a gate.  Open it and go in.

*Area 2 - 12 Nitro Boxes, 2 Hostages*
This area starts out with a sub-boss.  The roots are the easiest to take 
out.  The biting plant can only be attacked after it stops attacking.  
It'll attack three times, then stop, and repeats it two more times, 
unless you get hit.  Once it dies, it creates a hole.  Jump down.  Down 
here, get the 19th and 20th nitro boxes, but be careful not to go down 
the slide before you do.  Now, make your way down the slide.  On the way 
down you should get the five tokens and five nitro boxes.  Be careful of 
all the roots and the TNT boxes.  At the bottom of the slide, you'll see 
the two hostages and a door with a golden K.  Don't enter this door 
unless you want to engage in a boss fight already.  Instead, go through 
the opening and break the three nitro boxes.  This should bring the 
counter down to two.  The last two are on the other two platforms, so go 
break them.  In case you didn't get all the letters or nitro boxes, you 
can jump on the shooting water.  It will take you back to the beginning 
of the slide.  Also, right before the end of the slide, there will be 
two switches, one for each of the hostages.  You need to do a jumping 
tail swipe to each of them to release both hostages.  When you're ready, 
go open the door to this mission's boss.

*Boss Fight - Giant Japanese Bear*
Okay, I don't know what else to call him.  He looks Japanese, he has a 
Japanese samurai hairdo, and he's wearing diapers.  I'll come right out 
and say this now: this is one tough boss fight.  He has three attacks: a 
handclap, an overhead hair hit, and a long jumping sit down maneuver.  
He has one and only one weak spot: his ass.  The only time you can hit 
him in the ass is when he does the long jump sit down maneuver.  So just 
constantly run away.  When he does the long jump thing, move out of the 
way and quickly hit his ass.  After he dies, the lab goes kerplowie, and 
you get warped back to Downtown.

--------
Cemetery
--------
-The Crypt-
*Area 1 - 6 Nitro Boxes*
The first thing you'll see are cut scenes of a TNT box, a statue, a 
Hearse, and a tree.  If you take the tour around this area, you'll 
notice all the TNT boxes and the first two nitro boxes.  Oh, and if you 
get hit by the Hearse, you'll die.  What you need to do is pick up the 
TNT boxes, which regenerate, and throw them at the Hearse.  After four 
hits, it'll cough up the A token and crash into a portion of the fence, 
allowing access to another part of the area.  Before you continue, break 
the two nitro boxes, grab a TNT box, go to that statue and toss the TNT 
box at it to knock it down.  Jump onto it and over the wooden fence.  
You'll notice gravestones with letters on them.  What you need to do is 
hit the graves spelling Knarf.  This'll resurface a coffin.  Jump on it 
to release the K token.  And don't miss the 3rd nitro box hidden around 
the rock.  Now move the boulder to the wooden fence, jump onto the 
boulder and over the fence, and go through the section of fence that the 
Hearse destroyed.  Here you'll meet a new enemy, whom I will call 
Franky.  Four hits to the head kills him.  You should see the tree from 
here.  Go grab a TNT box and toss it at the tree to knock it down.  
Don't miss the 4th nitro box.  Make your way across, break the 5th nitro 
box, and kill the Franky there to get the F token.  Now go back across 
the tree, hop from the coffin to the other side, and make your way up to 
the graveyard.  Don't miss the 6th nitro box.  You'll see a ghost 
floating above a structure that has a purple rose.  Go and break the 
headstones.  One holds the N token.  Now, remember that purple rose?  
Wait till the ghost is far away, then grab it.  It'll pump you up, 
making you able to knock down statues.  Speaking of which, there is one 
in the graveyard.  Knock it down to get the R token.  Then go to the 
gate with the golden K (you should've passed on the way to the 
graveyard) and open it.  You'll notice the main mission area entrance is 
covered, a bat, headstones, two gargoyles, and a Franky.  First, kill 
the Franky.  That'll alleviate some of the problems.  Now you can break 
the headstones if you want to get some pumpkins.  Then go back and get 
the purple rose again and go knock down both gargoyles to open up the 
main mission area.  Jump on in.

*Area 2 - 10 Nitro Boxes, 2 Hostages*
First, turn the camera around.  You'll see a door, but it can't be 
opened.  Instead, jump behind one of the gargoyles to get the purple 
rose, knock down the gargoyle you're behind, then go knock down that 
statue you were pointed towards.  When it wears off, do the same thing 
to the other gargoyle.  Once all the coffins are open, get the goodies, 
then jump down the middle coffin.  You'll end up on a staircase.  Go up 
the staircase and at the top, do a jumping glide to get the K token.  
Now go down the staircase until you get to a door that's labeled 
McThord.  Go on in.  Now break the three brown boxes, go straight 
forward, dodge the hands, and make your way across the gap.  Right 
before the stairs, part of the ground is breakable.  Jump on it four 
times to break it, then follow the path down there and hit the switch at 
the end.  You'll see a cut scene of razor barriers moving.  Now make 
your way back out and go over the stairs, make your way through the 
razor barriers, break the checkered box, then move the camera to the 
right.  You'll see saws moving up and down.  Carefully make your way 
down the stairs.  At the bottom, do a jumping glide to the 7th nitro box 
and break it.  Then do a jumping glide down to the opening on the left 
side.  Follow the path and hit the switch at the end.  You'll see a cut 
scene of three platforms moving.  Make your way back out and jump on the 
moving platform to the other side.  Jump to the first moving platform, 
then to the path on the right with the rolling skulls, and make your way 
up while dodging the skulls.  At the top, break the checkered box, move 
the large box forward to access three extra lives, then follow the 
arrow.  Go to the right.  When you reach the wooden plank, instead of 
going across, do a jumping glide to the path on the opposite side.  
Follow the path, don't miss the 8th nitro box, and make your way to the 
sub-boss, McThord.  To defeat this sub-boss, stay far away from him.  He 
throws two bottles: a green one and a red one.  The red one explodes 
creating a fire and the green one can be hit back to cause damage to 
him.  He has to be hit ten times with the green bottles to be defeated.  
When you win, go out the gate and leave the same way you came in.  Don't 
miss the F token when you arrive back on the staircase.  Now go down 
again and make your way to the door labeled Sebastos.  Quickly make your 
way from platform to platform to get the A token.  Then stay on one 
while holding down /\ to glide down.  What you're aiming for is a 
platform with a switch.  When you land on that platform, hit the switch 
and release the first hostage.  Go out the door and make your way back 
up the staircase to the door labeled McCloud.  Go in and do a jumping 
glide to the wooden bridge on the right with a hopping tomato.  Make 
your way to the other bridge with the other hopping tomato then jump to 
the skull, to the wooden platform, to the next skull, and to the other 
wooden platform.  Then make your way across the coffins to the suspended 
platform and ride it across.  At the other side, jump up to get the R 
token.  If fall on your ascent, no problem.  There's a coffin that pops 
you up on the bottom.  Use it to make your way back up to the suspended 
platform.  Once you get the R token, go back out to the staircase, go 
down, and enter the door labeled Obert.  Make your way down the path, 
don't miss the 9th nitro box, and beware of two bats and falling blocks.  
When you get to the first gap, make your way across, don't miss the 10th 
nitro box, make your way across the next gap, pick up a TNT box, and 
toss to the wall on the left, next the next gap.  A hole should open up.  
Go in, break the 11th nitro box, then do a jumping tail swipe to the 
switch above the TNT box to release the second hostage.  Go back out, 
make your way across the next gap, carefully make your way through the 
moving walls, then dodge the rolling boulder to get to the next section.  
Make your way down the path, break the checkered box, go through the 
part with the moving walls.  Pick up a TNT box and hurl at the wall that 
looks fake.  Go in and break the 12th, 13th, and 14th nitro boxes.  Now 
go back out, kill the four bats and make your way from spider-web to 
spider-web till you get to where boulders are rolling.  When you do, 
make your way across while dodging the boulders, and keep going.  
Eventually you'll make your way to a section that has a bunch of TNT 
boxes, a checkered box, and the 15th and 16th nitro boxes.  Break the 
checkered box and the nitro boxes.  Now jump to the platform on the 
left.  You'll see a stained glass window.  Hit it to gain access to 
another sub-boss, Obert.  IMO, this is the easiest boss fight you'll 
probably ever encounter.  He has no attacks.  To win, you have to beat 
him in a game of hoops, scoring five points.  You can attack him to 
knock the ball loose, then grab it, and shoot it in the basket.  Just 
note that if he scores a point, it takes one of your points away.  When 
you win the little mini-game, the exit opens up.  Make your way down the 
path and exit the same way you entered.  Back on the staircase, don't 
miss the N token.  Now make your way down to the bottom of the staircase 
to the last door.  Now that you have the golden K token, you can open 
the door.  Go on in.

*Area 3 - 10 Nitro Boxes*
Do a jumping glide to the TNT boxes, then jump to the moving coffin on 
the right.  Then jump to the floating coffin on the right to get 
launched up to the path.  Follow it, go across the TNT boxes, turn left, 
follow the path, then jump to the small platform and break the 17th 
nitro box.  Make your way back across the TNT boxes, turn left and 
follow the path, and break the 18th and 19th nitro boxes to the 
immediate right.  Get the rest of the goodies in this room, then at the 
other doorway, do a jumping glide to the 20th nitro box and break it.  
Now make your way across the water, jumping from the skulls to the 
platforms until you reach the stairs.  At the top, break the checkered 
box then jump onto the moving skull.  Ride it to the platforms.  Make 
your way from platform to platform and hit the switch at the end.  
You'll see a cut scene of more platforms moving up.  Now, make your way 
back across the platforms and go up the new ones, then make your way 
across the water by jumping from each huge bouncy pumpkin.  When you 
make it to the other side, break the checkered box, go up the platforms, 
go across the island to the next set of platforms, break the 21st nitro 
box, make your way to the next island, break the checkered box, and hit 
the switch.  You'll see some platforms moving up in the background.  Now 
make your way up.  Before you go up the platforms, on the next island is 
the 22nd nitro box.  Go break it.  Now go up the platforms and hit the 
switch.  You'll see a cut scene of a door opening.  Now do a jumping 
glide to the 23rd nitro box and break it.  Now go and break the 
checkered box.  Before you go in the door, you should see an opening 
from where you broke the checkered box.  Go in there.  Make your way 
from platform to platform and break the 24th nitro box.  That's all 
that's in here, so make your way back out.  To the left is a coffin.  
Jump to it, it'll launch you up.  Then go in the door you just opened.  
Watch out for falling blocks in here.  There's also a boxing spider in 
here who gives you the K token if you kill it.  Now go through to the 
next section and you'll see fireflies.  But you don't really need to get 
any now.  You should see the 25th nitro box.  Jump on up and break it.  
Now go through the door on the left.  There'll be a ghost and a bunch of 
treasure chests.  Four of the chests contain the remaining four tokens.  
The others contain extra lives.  Go open them, get the goods, then go 
out the door.  Continue on straight towards the golden K door.  Before 
going in, the 26th nitro box is located in front of the left wall.  
Don't miss it.  Now go in the door.

*Area 4 - 4 Nitro Boxes*
Start by going up the stairs and grabbing a firefly so you can see where 
you're going.  Make your way up and hit the gate to open it.  Inside is 
a skeleton.  To beat it, hit it to make it crumble, then jump on it to 
destroy it.  He gives you the F token.  Now go through the other gate, 
grab the firefly, and make your way across each platform while grabbing 
the other four tokens and the last four nitro boxes.  When you've gotten 
everything, continue on across, go up the stairs and follow the path to 
the top while collecting fireflies so you can see where you're going.  
When you reach the top, open the gate and meet this mission's boss.

*Boss Fight - Pumpkin Head*
This is another tough boss fight.  The boss is on a giant bat.  He 
appears on one of the four sides of the fighting area and hurls bombs.  
What you need to do is dodge the bombs, pick them up, and throw it back 
to him.  The fact that he keeps moving and you can't touch the bombs 
until they stop moving makes this one tough boss fight.  Also, some of 
the bombs go off the side when he throws them.  When you win, the lab 
goes kerplowie and you get warped back to Downtown.

Back in Downtown, you'll see Pumpkin Head entering the next level, 
Chemical Wasteland.  Go in, or do the Cemetery's second mission, Haunted 
Mansion.

-Haunted Mansion-
*Area 1 - 6 Nitro Boxes*
You'll be shown a cut scene of a platform moving across a lake.  The six 
nitro boxes are in the same places.  However, there are no tokens to 
collect.  So once you get the nitro boxes, go across the platform and 
jump to the elevator, which takes you to the next area.

*Area 2 - 4 Nitro Boxes*
Make your way up the path.  To dodge the boulders, move inwards towards 
the cliff.  Break the four nitro boxes on the way up.  Also, don't miss 
the K and F tokens.  Once you get to the top, the A, N, and R tokens are 
around the mansion.  Get them, and enter the door to the next area.

*Area 3 - 20 Nitro Boxes, 2 Hostages*
First of all, turn the camera around.  Now go forward and jump around 
the left corner and attack.  There's a potted plant here.  Three hits to 
kill it.  Be careful, though.  Some of the floorboards collapse when you 
step on them.  Also, watch out for the bat.  Grab the N token then go 
through the door.  Another potted plant and bat are on the other side of 
the door.  Grab the A token, break the 11th nitro box, and go to the 
carpeted section.  See the bottles?  Over in that area, some of the 
floorboards are collapsible.  So make your way to each bottle and 
quickly break them and come back to the carpet.  Then go back and get 
the remaining three tokens and go through the door with the golden K 
token.  Break the checkered box and kill the bat and potted plant.  Then 
quickly make your way across and break the 12th nitro box.  Go up the 
stairs and jump up and get the R token.  Continue on up to more 
collapsible floors, grab the K token, break the 13th nitro box, and hit 
the door three times to break it.  Go through.  Some of the bookcases 
here will fall down when you get close to them.  There's also a new 
enemy in here, flying books.  Anyway, dodge the falling bookcases, kill 
the flying books, break the 14th nitro box, and break the box to get the 
N token.  Now move the large bookcase to the left or right to reveal a 
doorway.  Go through.  You'll see another large bookcase.  Move it to 
the left to reveal a painting.  Do a jumping tail swipe to it to reveal 
an opening.  When you go in, a bat breaks through the window.  Take care 
of it, break the 15th and 16th nitro boxes.  Now hit the bookcase, move 
out the way to let it fall, and go in.  To the immediate left there's a 
potted plant.  Take care of it, grab the F token, and break the 17th, 
18th, 19th, and 20th nitro boxes.  Now go back out, break the 21st nitro 
box, which also gives you the A token, and move forward a little so that 
the collapsible floor breaks and you go with it.  You should be a room 
with the first hostage.  Three bats break in.  Take care of them.  Now 
you should see two stacks of boxes.  Hit it twice so that four boxes are 
destroyed, leaving two.  Do a jumping glide onto them and jump towards 
the wall with the painting while doing a tail swipe to hit the switch to 
release the hostage.  Now go and break the 22nd nitro box, break the 
remaining boxes, and go through the door.  This place should look 
familiar.  Go back up to where you broke the 21st nitro box.  Go up the 
stairs to the door with the golden K.  Go on in.  Inside the room, a bat 
breaks in, so kill it.  You'll see a bunch of bottles, a checkered box, 
the 23rd nitro box, and a brown box that regenerates.  Break the 
bottles, the checkered box, and the 23rd nitro box.  Now break the brown 
box, quickly go through the door, take a left, and plow through the 
carpet.  Go down the hallway.  At the end, break the 24th nitro box, 
then go in the doorway to the right.  The brown box has two enemies in 
it and a bat breaks through the window.  Take care of them and break the 
25th nitro box.  In the next room are two boxing spiders and a nitro 
box.  I highly suggest you take care of them, then break the 26th nitro 
box.  Now move that small bookcase towards where you entered.  The 
switch is on the adjacent wall above the picture frame.  Also, another 
bat enters through the window here.  When you take care of it, jump onto 
the small bookcase, and do a jumping tail swipe to the switch to release 
the second hostage.  Now go back to the hallway and go across to the 
other door.  Break it down, and you'll see two chandeliers, a stack of 
boxes, and a TNT box.  Get the goodies if you want.  Now, remember that 
small bookcase?  You have to move it in here onto one of the peninsulas 
so that you can make it to the first chandelier.  Then just make your 
way across, take care of the potted plant, break the 27th nitro box, go 
down the stairs, break the 28th nitro box, and continue down.  Take care 
of the boxing spider here to get the K token, break the 29th nitro box, 
and continue down.  Kill the two boxing spiders down here to get the N 
and A tokens.  Then break the last nitro box, get the R and F tokens, go 
up the stairs and go out the door to the next area.

*Area 4*
You're shown a cut scene of the front of the mansion with a window that 
has K on it.  What you need to do is get there.  You start out in the 
back of the mansion.  Jump from leaf to leaf to get to the roof, then 
make your way to the front of the mansion.  When you get to the place 
the cut scene showed you, punch the window and go in to meet this 
mission's boss.

*Boss Fight - Devil Woman*
Thought this was a hot chick?  So did I, until she gained some weight 
and become 500 pounds of monkey crap.  This boss has one main attack: a 
spinning clothesline.  What you have to do is knock her down and jump on 
her.  You can get her to run into the wall, which makes her fall.  Or 
wait for her to do two spinning clotheslines, which makes her dizzy, 
then knock her down.  Then proceed to jump on her belly.  What I did was 
after I jumped on her belly, I stayed on, and when she stood up, I ended 
up on her head, which made her run into the wall.  So if you can, do 
that.  When her health gets down to 50%, she changes her attack to a 
jumping smash maneuver.  Dodge this, and hit her when she lands.  When 
you win, the lab goes kerplowie, and you get warped back to Downtown.

------------------
Chemical Wasteland
------------------
-Toxic Factory-
*Area 1 - 5 Nitro Boxes*
Start out by moving the camera.  When you see the 1st nitro box, go 
break it.  It releases three eggplants, which are easy to kill.  Be 
careful of the fence with the lightning bolt picture on it.  If you 
touch it, you'll get damaged.  Go past the fence, break the 2nd nitro 
box by the can and the 3rd nitro box near the entrance to the secret 
level, then jump from the can onto the truck.  Jump to get the F token, 
then jump to the steel girder and run down it, and jump at the other end 
to get the R token.  Now make your way past the truck and an enemy will 
appear.  It throws bombs when it gets hit.  Kill it if you like.  Now go 
to the yellow car.  Hit it three times and get the extra life inside.  
Go past the car and you should see a stove, a stack of tires and a 
hopping tomato.  Don't hit the stove, unless you want to take care of a 
bat.  Go hit the tires first, then attack the tomato.  The tires fall 
into the toxic lake, making it possible for you to make it across.  Jump 
on the closest tire to you, make your way towards the left.  Break the 
4th and 5th nitro boxes and get the K token.  Watch out for the carrots 
and bell peppers.  Now go over the pile of tires to the other side of 
the fence.  On another pile of tires is a big guy tossing barrels.  
You'll only be able to attack him after he attacks.  Four hits and he's 
down, plus he gives you an extra life.  Past him is a refrigerator.  
Behind it is the N token.  Inside is another bat.  Past that, hit the 
tires and kill the tomato.  Go to the top of the next tire pile.  You 
should see the A token from here over a can on the toxic lake.  Do a 
jumping glide to it, then go towards the left to the gate with the 
golden K on it.  Open the gate and go in.  You'll have to defeat two 
boxing spiders before you can continue to the next area.  When you do 
defeat them, hit the next gate and enter the next area.

*Area 2 - 2 Nitro Boxes*
To the right is a stack of tires and a tomato.  You know what to do.  
Make your way across the toxic lake.  Note that you cannot land on the 
barrels spewing fire.  Follow the path and make your way across the fire 
pit.  Then make your way across the platforms.  Another new enemy is 
here and I will calling them floating bombs.  Self explanatory.  When 
you get to the platform with the two TNT boxes, do a jumping glide to 
the island on the right.  Get the extra life and break the 6th nitro 
box.  Now go to the left, jump from the girders to the next island, 
watch out for the metal bees, and break the checkered box.  Now go 
through the pipe the bees are coming from.  On the other side, jump from 
the tires to the next path and go up.  At the top of the hill is a big 
guy.  He gives you an extra life if you defeat him.  Continue on the 
path and you'll see big cans.  Punch them.  Continue on the path and go 
through the pipe.  On the other side, break the checkered box and hit 
the tire stacks.  Don't forget to kill the hopping tomatoes.  Don't miss 
the N token.  The A token is in the refrigerator.  Now make your way 
across the toxic lake.  Follow the path that the TNT boxes make.  This 
is where you'll get a lot of practice doing jumping glides.  Also, don't 
miss the R token.  Once you make it across, you'll see a new enemy.  
I'll call these guys piranha plants.  You'll also see a sub-boss whom 
I'll call Eggplant Daddy.  What you have to do is attack the piranha 
plants, pick up their heads, and throw them at Eggplant Daddy.  Five 
hits and he's dead.  Also, if you don't pick up their heads and wait, 
the piranha plants will regenerate.  Eggplant Daddy will also throw 
seeds to grow more piranha plants.  When you take care of everything, 
grab the K token, break the 7th nitro box, hit the oven to get the F 
token, then jump on the grate and enter the next area.

*Area 3 - 1 Nitro Box*
You'll be shown cut scenes of a TNT box and a sign.  You start out 
underground and you'll see turtles moving back and forth.  There's a 
moving platform down at the end.  What you need to do is go from turtle 
to turtle to the end of the sewers and ride the platform up.  When you 
get up there, go to the right, around the building, past the orange 
cans, to the yellow car.  Hit it three times to break it and break the 
8th nitro box.  A little further down, you should see a big guy.  Hit 
him four times to knock him down.  Now you have to move him towards the 
large green box in the back of the building.  Now make your way up to 
the roof and take care of the other big guy up here.  When you have done 
so, pick up the TNT box and make your way to the front of the building 
onto the conveyor belt.  If you miss, no problem.  The TNT box 
regenerates, so just make your way back to the roof, grab another TNT 
box, and go down to the conveyor belt.  Toss the TNT box at the sign and 
enter the next area.

*Area 4 - 1 Hostage*
The first thing you'll see are two potted plants and a new enemy, a 
robot.  Jump down and take care of the robot first.  Three hits and he's 
gone.  Now take care of the potted plants.  Go up the ramp and take care 
of the two robots here.  Continue on up and go to the next section.  On 
the right wall behind the hostage is a switch.  Hit it.  It turns on the 
conveyor belts and lights.  On the other side of the conveyor belts are 
three robots.  If you're fast enough, you can kill them without getting 
much damage.  Now jump on the moving platform and use it to get to the 
conveyor belt.  Jump to the next one and you should see a switch on the 
wall.  Do a jumping tail swipe to it to release the hostage.  Now go 
back across the conveyor belts to the boxes.  Go from the boxes to the 
moving platform, then jump to the conveyor belt and ride it to the next 
room.  There are three more robots in this room.  Take care of them, 
jump onto the boxes, then hit the switch on the wall, jump back onto the 
boxes, then to the moving platform and go to the next room.  Take care 
of the robot in here.  On the other side of the conveyor belt by the 
wooden platforms you'll see a flying thing.  Don't attack.  If you 
don't, it won't attack you.  So just make your way from platform to 
platform then ride the conveyor belt to the next room.  The enemies in 
here are potted plants and robots.  Take care of the potted plants if 
you like, but I would suggest taking out the robots.  Anyway, on the 
right from where you came in, there's some boxes and a ramp.  Jump from 
the boxes to the ramp.  At the end, do a jumping glide to the pile of 
boxes, then do another jumping glide to the next ramp.  Take care of the 
robot here, then at the end of the ramp, do a jumping glide to where the 
potted plant is.  Past the conveyor belt, you should see two platforms 
and another conveyor belt.  Go to that second one.  Quickly make your 
way from the platforms because they start to descend when you land on 
them.  When you get to the second conveyor belt, ride it to the next 
room.  Go through the hole and glide down.  Break the checkered box, 
then make your way across each conveyor belt and platform until you come 
to a moving platform.  Jump to it, then jump onto the pipe.  When the 
next moving platforms comes, jump onto it, then jump to the yellow and 
blue pipe.  Wait for it to come back in the direction you want to go, 
then jump on it, then jump to the next moving platform.  Ride it up, 
jump to the copper and green pipe, then make your way across the 
conveyor belts and platforms to the next area.

*Area 5 - 5 Nitro Boxes*
The first thing you'll see are two lasers, a large box, and a whole 
bunch of doors.  Jump down and a robot will come out of one of the 
doors.  You need to defeat all the robots down here while dodging the 
lasers.  Five of them hold nitro boxes which contain the five tokens.  
After you've taken care of them, move the large box towards the platform 
where the door with the golden K is.  Jump up and go in.  Break the 
checkered box, then follow the path.  This next part is very difficult.  
What you need to do is jump to the moving platform, then jump to the 
first pipe.  Then you have to wait for the platform to come back and go 
in the direction you want it to go, then jump to it, and jump to the 
second pipe.  Do it again to get to the third pipe.  Then from the third 
pipe, do a jumping glide to the grated path.  Once across, kill the 
robot, wait for the water jets to stop, then jump to the next platform 
and break the checkered box.  Now jump onto the pipe and follow it.  
You'll face a sub-boss similar to McThord back in The Crypt mission.  
Only this time, he only takes two green bottles to be defeated.  Now go 
hit the switch he was protecting.  You'll see a cut scene of water jets 
being turned off.  Now go back, continue on the path, kill the robot, 
and jump to the platform with the switch and hit it.  You'll see a cut 
scene of a manhole moving up.  Continue on the path and hit the switch 
at the end.  Manhole covers will move up.  Make your way across them, 
then to the conveyor belts.  When you get to the second conveyor belt, 
jump to the platform, hit the switch, then continue on.  Hit the next 
switch you come to and you'll be shown a cut scene showing a manhole 
moving up.  Go up the next two conveyor belts and hop in the opening to 
the next area.

*Area 6 - 12 Nitro Boxes, 1 Hostage*
Go down the pipe until you see a nitro box on a pipe on the side.  Jump 
to the pipe, break the 14th nitro box, jump to the next pipe, break the 
15th nitro box, then jump back to the main pipe and continue on.  When 
you reach the branch, keep going straight, destroy the robot, and at the 
end grab the K token.  Now go back to the branch and take it.  Follow 
it, don't miss the N token, beware of bats, and make your way to the end 
of the pipe.  You'll see manhole covers moving up and down by water 
jets.  Wait for them to go down before you jump onto them.  Make your 
way across while getting the last three tokens.  When you get to the 
grated path, follow it while dodging the flames, take care of the big 
guy, break the checkered box, open the door with the golden K, and ride 
the elevator up.  At the top, jump out.  You'll see a bunch of manholes 
and two steel bees.  What you have to do here is wait for the manholes 
to come up before you jump on them.  If you jump on them while they're 
down, you'll die because they're under the toxic water.  Anyway, make 
your way across while taking care of the two steel bees, go in the door, 
and ride the elevator down.  At the bottom, go out the door, go around 
to the tower, break the checkered box, then make your way across the 
platforms and moving platforms.  When you get to the platform after the 
two shooting jets of water, jump onto the box, to the moving platform, 
then to the next moving platform, and finally to the pipes.  Make your 
way to the end of the pipes.  You should see a switch on the wall.  When 
the moving platform is close to it, do a jumping tail swipe to the 
switch and try to land on the moving platform.  Then jump to the grated 
path.  Break the checkered box, take care of the robot, continue down 
the path, take care of the next robot, go into the structure, and take 
the left doorway.  Carefully make your way past the large falling box, 
and break the 16th and 17th nitro boxes on either side of the structure.  
If a wall comes down blocking the doorway, just wait for it to go back 
up.  Now continue on the path, watch out for the two steel bees, break 
the 18th nitro box on the left side of the next structure, ignore the 
doorway on the opposite side for now, and continue on.  Past the next 
structure are electric beams.  Carefully make your way through them, 
don't miss the 19th nitro box, and hit the switch at the end.  You'll be 
shown a cut scene of a fire wall coming down.  Now remember that path I 
told you to ignore earlier?  Go down it, make your way past the large 
falling boxes, open the door, take the left doorway, break the 20th 
nitro box, and continue on to the structure.  Climb the rope, then jump 
towards the checkered box and break it.  Make your way across the 
conveyor belts while trying not to get flattened or fall off.  When you 
get to the end of the conveyor belts, ride the green platform across.  
The last five nitro boxes fall when you get near them, also giving you 
the tokens.  When you get them, open the door and meet this mission's 
boss.

*Boss Fight - Spray Can*
It's a spray that has the head of Franky, on wheels, with a cape.  How 
screwed up is that?  Anyway, it has two attacks: a paint breath spray 
and a cape twirl.  You can only attack this boss after it has attacked, 
and you can only hit it in the head.  Just hang back after it's done a 
few cape twirls and one or two paint breath sprays, then go do a jumping 
tail swipe.  When you defeat it, the lab goes kerplowie, and you get 
warped to Downtown.

-Sludge Slides-
*Area 1 - 5 Nitro Boxes*
You'll be given a cut scene showing that the truck has been moved so 
that you jump over the electrified fence.  The five nitro boxes are 
located in the same places as in the first area of the Toxic Factory 
mission.  Go get them, jump onto the truck and go over the fence, and 
enter the pipe to start this mission.

*Area 2 - 20 Nitro Boxes, 2 Hostages*
This area is relatively easy because there's just a few slides and no 
enemies.  You just have to stay on the slide and try to dodge the TNT 
boxes.  Start out by breaking the four nitro boxes in this room, then 
when you're ready, go through the opened pipe and start down the slide.  
Jump up and hit the target to open the door, otherwise you'll go splat 
and lose a life.  Next, hit the left target, don't miss the 10th nitro 
box, hit the next target, don't miss the N token, and when you reach the 
bottom, break the four nitro boxes on the platform and release the two 
hostages.  Towards the door with the golden K are two more nitro boxes.  
Break them.  Don't hit the switch just yet.  Now go across the way to 
the elevator looking thing.  It'll warp you back to the beginning of the 
area.  Go back down the same pipe and follow the same path again.  This 
time when you hit the target the right door opens up.  Take that path to 
get the K token and ride it down to the bottom again.  Go back up again 
and go down the same pipe one last time.  Hit the remaining target on 
the right, jump and hit the next target to open the door, do it one more 
time, break the nitro box, get the F token, and ride it to the bottom 
again.  Now, remember that switch?  Hit it now.  You'll be shown a cut 
scene of a pipe closing and another one opening.  Teleport back up and 
take the new pipe down.  Jump and hit the target to open the door, break 
the last eight nitro boxes, then jump and hit the switch to open the 
door on the right.  Don't miss the A token and ride it to the bottom.  
Teleport back up for the last time and go through one more time.  Hit 
the target to open up the left door this time and don't miss the R 
token.  Ride the slide down to the bottom, open the door with the golden 
K on it, and meet this mission's boss.

*Boss Fight - Ooze*
A bunch of platforms, some TNT boxes, toxic water, and a funky looking 
boss.  Not much to say about this boss fight.  Dodge the boss by jumping 
from platform to platform.  He throws sludge balls but they can be 
easily dodged.  Unfortunately, you can only damage him by throwing TNT 
boxes at him, but only while he's on the middle platform.  Once you 
defeat him, the lab goes kerplowie and you get warped back to Downtown.

Back in Downtown, you'll see Pumpkin Head hopping down a sewer.  Follow 
him to access the next level, Sewer Port.

----------
Sewer Port
----------
-Amazing Boxes-
*Area 1*
Remember, turtles are your friends.  Alligators almost aren't.  Here, 
you have to use the turtles, and sometimes alligators, to exit this 
area.  Just make your way through hitting all the hanging barrels into 
the sludge and hitting the checkered boxes and switches.  If there are 
only TNT boxes around to jump on, do a jumping glide onto them or else 
they'll blow up and you'll lose a life.  And also duck under shooting 
water jets and jump over pipes.  I'm not gonna really write a walkthru 
for this area since it's all pretty linear.  Once you get to the end and 
hit the last switch, light will shine and a rope will drop down.  Climb 
up the rope to get to the docks.

*Area 2 - 11 Nitro Boxes*
I guess this would be the general entrance area for the missions of this 
level.  Here you'll notice large barrels surrounded by smaller barrels 
with letters on them.  Just like in the cemetery level with the 
headstones, hit the barrels in the order of the evil doctor's name.  At 
the first large barrel, jump onto it, jump onto the boxes close to it, 
and get onto the roof.  Follow it straight until you get to a crank.  
Hit it until you can't hit it anymore.  You should have seen a platform 
going across to the other roof.  Go across and to the left on the boxes 
is the F token.  Go get it, then go directly go the other side where 
there are two large barrels.  One of them has the R token.  I should 
also point out that you should watch out for the seagulls.  Now jump 
onto the barrel that had the token, then onto the roof and go over and 
break the first 3 nitro boxes and get the N token.  Jump on out and go 
towards the row boat.  Jump onto it and it'll go down.  You'll see the A 
token.  Get it, get off the row boat at the top and jump onto the moving 
container.  Jump onto the crane and break the 4th, 5th, and 6th nitro 
boxes.  Jump back down to the container and ride it again to the end to 
get the K token.  Take it one more time and jump to the containers on 
the right of where you got the K token and break the remaining 5 nitro 
boxes in this area.  When you're ready, go to the door with the gold K 
token under the platform that you made.

*Area 3 - 6 Nitro Boxes*
Go forward and get the pumpkin.  The lighter shaded box is moveable.  
Move it and you'll see a door with the number one on it.  That 
corresponds to how many switches it takes to open it.  So to the left of 
the box is a red switch.  Hit it to open the door.  Go through and go 
towards where there are eyeballs popping up.  Around the corner is a 
yellow switch.  Hit it to lower one of the boxes.  Go over the box, go 
to the immediate left and break the 12th nitro box, which releases four 
easy to defeat enemies.  Now go back, jump up to the higher path, hit 
the crank, go over the platform that comes up, ignore the next crank, 
hit the crank after that, go across, and hit the switch.  Now go back to 
the lower path, hit the crank, jump on the switch, and the door with the 
number two will open.  Move the lighter shaded box, move it again in the 
other direction and jump onto the switch behind it.  Go back around the 
corner and you should see another lighter shaded box straight ahead.  
Move it and jump on the switch it's hiding.  Go around the boxes to the 
other side of the moveable box, hit the crank and go across.  Hit the 
switch you see and another door will open.  Before going on, move the 
camera so that the view goes to the left.  You should see a yellow 
switch.  Hit it and a platform will come down.  Ride it up and it'll 
take you to a room with four boxes colored yellow, red, blue, and green.  
Here's what to do: move the green box to the bluish platform closest to 
where you came in, move the red box to the platform to the left of the 
green, the blue box across the platform of the green, and the yellow box 
to the platform to the right of the green.  You'll understand why in a 
few seconds.  Now go back down and go to the right.  Break the 13th 
nitro box, hit the crank, go across, hit the next two cranks, go across 
and you'll arrive at a door with the number four on it.  To the right is 
a moveable box.  Push it forward past the first opening on the left to 
the second.  Put it down the second opening until it falls into a hold.  
Now go to the left and you'll see a raised platform allowing you access 
to a red switch and the 14th and 15th nitro boxes.  Break the nitro 
boxes and hit the switch.  Now go back to where you were pushing the box 
and go straight past the second opening.  Take out the enemy, a pirate 
rat, then hit the crank and go across.  Now you'll see the pay off of 
moving the boxes.  Hit the crank here and the red box will fall allowing 
you to get to the platform in the middle.  Hit the three cranks there to 
bring down the yellow, blue, and green boxes.  Go across each of these 
boxes and hit the switches to open the door with the four on it.  Go 
back to where the door was opened and go through.  Break the 16th and 
17th nitro boxes here and get the A token.  Watch out for the pirate rat 
and the flying helicopter.  The K token is over an open platform.  Hit 
the crank to close it and get the token.  Past that crank is another 
crank enclosed by boxes.  Hit it and a box will fall.  Ride it up and 
get the N token.  Over by the closed platform, hit the crank and smaller 
platform will come up.  Ride it up, then jump to the boxes ahead and get 
the F token.  Now jump onto the forklift and ride the platform up to get 
the A token.  Now move the camera to the right and jump to the boxes 
there.  A little forward is a platform with a strip of stripes.  Jump to 
it and you'll find a gate with the gold K.  Hit it open and go in to the 
next area.

*Area 4 - 11 Nitro Boxes, 1 Hostage*
Start off by jumping to the boxes on the right and go down.  There's a 
red switch on one of the walls.  Hit it.  Watch out for the seagulls.  
One of the boxes is moveable.  Move it, then take care of the pirate rat 
waiting for you on the other side.  There's another red switch on the 
left wall.  Hit it to open the door.  Go towards the barrels and break 
the piled up boxes.  Inside are the 18th, 19th, and 20th nitro boxes.  
Go break them while dodging the falling lockers.  Now go towards the 
light (no pun intended), turn left, jump on the switch, turn left again, 
go through the path through the boxes, hit the cranks, and quickly make 
your way across the platforms quickly.  Hit the switch next to the gate, 
hit the other one on the wall to the left, go up the stairs past the 
door with the five on it, break the 21st nitro box, then go to the 
opening.  To the left near the barrels is another red switch.  Hit it, 
go the other side of the opening, and break the 22nd and 23rd nitro 
boxes.  Break the piled up boxes and jump down.  Jump on the red switch 
down there to open the door with the five on it.  Follow the path, go up 
the stairs and break the 24th nitro box to the right.  Go down the other 
stairs to the left and move the box forward.  Take care of the enemy 
here then move the next box forward all the way it can go.  Jump on it 
then jump and hit the red switch on the wall to open the door.  Take 
care of the enemy in here to get the N token.  Break the four nitro 
boxes in this room to get the remaining tokens.  Then go to the gate 
with the gold K and hit it open.  Be careful of falling boxes.  Jump 
onto the yellow box, then do a jumping glide to the nearest box on the 
left.  Jump to the next box and then jump and hit the switch on the wall 
to release the hostage.  Now move the box closest to the switch and 
you'll fall down a hole, which brings you to the next area.

*Area 5*
Just like Area 1, but not as long.  Just make your way across to the 
other platform and climb up the rope.  This area was just unnecessary if 
you ask me.

*Area 6 - 7 Nitro Boxes, 1 Hostage*
Go around the box on the left and hit the red switch to open the door 
with the one on it.  Go through and in a little corridor on the left is 
the 30th nitro box.  Continue on and you'll come to a room with grates 
on the ground.  Under the first grate you see is the K token.  Around 
the box on the left is a forklift.  Ride it up, hit the yellow switch on 
the wall to raise the grate, jump down and grab the K token before it 
comes back down and go back up and hit the yellow switch again.  Go 
across the grate.  Hit the yellow switches and go across the grates till 
you come to the end.  Then do a jumping glide to the box with the 31st 
nitro box.  Break it and grab the F token.  From the large barrels, 
you'll get the N and R tokens.  Don't miss the 32nd and 33rd nitro boxes 
in here.  Ride the moving platforms in the corner of the room up to get 
the A token.  Then take the platforms again to get to the door with the 
gold K.  Hit it open and you'll be in front of a conveyor belt going 
moving towards you.  Get ready for a long run.  On your run, bats will 
break through the windows.  One hit and they're dead.  Once you reach 
the end, jump down and break the 34th nitro box.  Now move the moveable 
box and grab the tokens on the boxes then open the door.  Go straight 
and turn left around the last box.  You should see a bunch of TNT boxes.  
Hit these boxes and it'll move the crank and release the hostage.  In 
the corner behind you is a gold pumpkin.  Now jump onto the boxes.  To 
the right of where the hostage was is the last nitro box.  Break it, 
then jump down to the other side where there's a hanging box.  When you 
grab the gold pumpkin here, the box falls down and you'll meet this 
mission's boss.

*Boss Fight - Nuke the Gorilla*
It's first attack is to run towards you and hit you with its fist.  What 
I did was get it stuck in the door frame on the left side of the door.  
When it starts eating a banana, you can attack it.  When its health gets 
down to 50%, it changes its attack to a mad rush.  This is easy to 
dodge.  Just run around him and attack when he scratches his head.  When 
you beat him, he'll do a rush through the door and the lab gets blown 
up.

Back in Downtown, the fountain flips over and reveals two rockets with 
Pumpkin Head sitting on one of them.  He blasts off.  You can follow or 
you can do the second mission in Sewer Port.

-Monkey's Trail-
*Area 1*
Hit the switch, go forward, ride the alligator and jump to the rope.  
Climb it to get to the next area.

*Area 2 - 11 Nitro Boxes*
You'll see a cut scene of Nuke and a banana floating over a warehouse.  
The 11 nitro boxes are in the same places so go get them.  If you're 
having trouble getting the five nitro boxes on the containers, run on 
the tracks and jump up onto the green container.  Then go over to where 
the banana is and knock it down.  Once Nuke has the banana, he'll follow 
you.  So go on over to where the crane is and jump onto the box with the 
rope attached to it and you'll enter the main mission area.

*Area 3 - 3 Nitro Boxes, 1 Hostage*
This area's pretty linear.  Just jump from box to box.  Be careful of 
the swinging nets and blue containers.  The blue containers tip when 
you're on one side too long.  Don't miss the 3 nitro boxes in this area.  
They're all located in the same place.  So when you see one, the other 
two are close by.  Take care of the pirate rat before releasing the 
hostage or you'll get hit with pot shots.  After releasing the hostage, 
on the next platform, hit the box to make it come down and ride it up.  
Hit the next box, ride it up and repeat one more time.  Continue on.  
When you get to the crane, go to the opposite end, glide down to the 
box, and jump on it to get to the next area.

*Area 4 - 4 Nitro Boxes*
First order of business, take care of that pirate rat throwing barrels 
at you.  Next, take out that seagull.  Now grab the R token on the green 
container near where the pirate rat was.  Now go break the black barrels 
in the order of the evil doctor's name, Knarf, to get the N token from 
the large black barrel.  Now knock down the box you were on to break 
part of the floor away to reveal the K token.  Get it.  Now hit the 
other box, not the one near the large barrel.  It'll break part of the 
floor and reveal the A token.  Grab that.  Now go to the red switch.  
Jump and stand on it to bring down the last hanging box.  When it's 
down, jump on it and ride it up to get the F token.  Once you get the 
gold K token, you'll be shown a cut scene of where to go.  Go there, 
jump onto the grate and enter the next area.

*Area 5 - 17 Nitro Boxes, 1 Hostage*
Hit open the door and go through.  Break the 19th nitro box and hit the 
switch.  Break the 20th nitro box and hit the switch.  Break the 21st 
nitro box and hit the switch.  Go through and defeat the two pirate rats 
to get the R and F tokens.  Don't miss the 3 nitro boxes in here.  Now 
get the remaining tokens by doing jumping glides to the TNT boxes.  When 
you get the gold K token, go around and up the stairs and punch open the 
gate with the gold K.  Break the checkered box and the 25th and 26th 
nitro boxes.  Now comes the fun part.  You have to jump from platform to 
platform while dodging the spikey wheels.  Don't miss the 27th nitro 
box.  On the final platform, it will go down and a door will open.  
Break the 2 nitro boxes you see here.  Now go down the stairs, break the 
30th nitro box, and open the door.  A bouncing octopus is the new enemy 
here.  There's three of them and two rat pirates.  The bouncing octopi 
can be killed with one hit.  The pirate rats still take 3-4 hits.  After 
you take care of them, break the remaining 5 nitro boxes, and the K and 
N barrels.  Use the TNT boxes to break the remaining three barrels.  
Then go to the structure in the middle of the water and do a jumping 
glide to the large barrel and get all the tokens.  Now hit the switch on 
the wall to release the prisoner.  The barrels will rise up so you can 
use them to get back to the platform.  Now go back up the structure and 
jump on the gate to meet this mission's boss.

*Boss Fight - Giant Octopus*
You'll get a cut scene of Dr. Knarf and parts of the ground breaking 
away.  Now the boss fight begins.  At first, all you'll be doing is 
attacking small octopi while occasionally seeing the giant octopus 
swimming outside the glass.  Finally, after killing many of the smaller 
ones, the head will pop up in the middle opening while it attacks you 
with its tentacles through the square openings.  What you need to do is 
pick up TNT boxes and hurl it at the head while dodging the attacks from 
the tentacles.  Of course, easier said than done, but eventually you'll 
get there.  Once you beat the boss, the lab will blow up and you'll get 
sent back to Downtown.

--------------
Knarf's Forest
--------------

-Through The Trees-

To access this mission, ride the other rocket where the fountain used to 
be.

*Area 1 - 1 Hostage*
This area's fairly linear.  New enemies here are the werewolf, masked 
pumpkin, and bunny.  One hit to kill the bunny.  Run around and attack 
the the werewolf when he's howling three times to kill it.  And about 5-
6 hits fo kill the masked pumpkin.  Be careful of the bear traps.  Use 
the lotus flowers as catapults.  It takes you in and spits you high up 
in the air.  When you come to the grayish colored path, past the falling 
rock is an elevated pathway.  Go up there and take care of the two 
werewolves.  Now do a jumping glide to one of the TNT boxes and do a 
jumping tail swipe to hit the crank and release the hostage.  Continue 
on the other way and go across the striped roots.  Do a jumping tail 
swipe to the tree that you come to and the leaves will act as a boulder 
and knock down the wall.  Continue on.  Dodge the rolling boulders, jump 
to the platform and go to the lotus flower.  It'll spit you up to the 
next area.

*Area 2 - 1 Hostage*
First up, kill the bunny.  Now go forward and hit the boulder to knock 
down the tree.  Go across the tree to the other side, take care of the 
werewolf and hit the crank to release the hostage.  Now continue on and 
make your way across the vines, spider webs, and lotus flowers while 
dodging the floating eyes.  When you reach the tree, hit the door and go 
in to get to the next area.

*Area 3*
You can either take care of the enemies here or start your way up.  Make 
your way from lotus flower to lotus flower till you get to the opening 
at the top.  Then you have to make your way from tree to tree while 
dodging the giant bees.  Once you get to the last tree, go into the 
opening and go down.  Grab the N token and exit the tree.  Grab the 
remaining four tokens and open the door.  Use the lotus flower to shoot 
you up to the spider webs and go all the way to the opening at the top.  
Now make your way from tree to tree again.  Then go across the vines, 
tree to tree again, then across bouncy leaves until you come to another 
tree with an opening.  Don't jump down.  Jump on the spider webs and go 
up to the other opening.  There, follow the pumpkins down to the next 
area.

*Area 4*
Move forward and a giant carrot will pop up.  About 8 hits kills it, but 
every time you hit it, little carrots pop off of it and run towards you.  
Once you've taken care of everyone, move the carrot's body towards the 
structure in the distance and use it as a trampoline to get across.  Hit 
the crank and you'll see a cut scene of a cage lifting up and the gate 
will be opened.  Go through to exit the mission.

You'll now be in the first area of the next mission.

-Knarf's Lair-
*Area 1*
First off, take care of the two werewolves.  If you followed this 
walkthru in its entirety, you should have 10 tokens floating above the 
signs in Downtown above the different missions.  You'll see them 
floating here.  Follow them up to the switch and hit it.  This will give 
you a cut scene of the bridge coming up.  Do a jumping glide down to the 
ground below and cross the bridge.  The path is fairly linear.  When you 
come to the fork, the left path gives you a werewolf and an extra life.  
Take the right path to continue on.  When you come to the crank, hit it 
to make the bridge come down, and quickly make your way across.  
Continue on.  When you come to a platform with a pumpkin hanging on a 
branch, hit and it'll roll down a hole, growing into a vine and 
sprouting leaves.  Go up, quickly go across the daisies to the other 
vine with leaves, then do a jumping glide to the next platform with 
another pumpkin on a branch.  Take care of the potted plant and do the 
same thing with the pumpkin here.  Go up the leaves and quickly across 
the daisies and do a jumping glide off of the last daisy to the next 
platform.  Jump onto the first leaf, do a jumping tail swipe to turn the 
next leaf, jump to it, then jump to the next leaf and repeat.  More 
daisies again.  Do a jumping glide off of the last one to the next 
platform.  More leaves turned sideways here.  Make your way up, go 
across the daisies, and jump onto the bouncy leaf.  Now comes the tricky 
part.  Hit the first leaf, jump on it.  Quickly do a jumping tail swipe 
to the second one, jump to it, and repeat with the third, then jump to 
the bridge.  Continue on.  Kill the bunnies on this platform to get the 
five tokens.  Once you get the gold K token, the bridge lowers.  Go 
across and open the door.  Go in and face the last boss.

*Boss Fight 1 - Pumpkin Head*
Final boss fight time.  This time, Pumpkin Head has a wooden mallet.  He 
has two attacks.  One is just a regular stomp hit.  The second is a 
multiple stomping hit.  You can only hit him after he has attacked or 
stopped moving.  You have to fight him while dodging the bottles being 
thrown by Dr. Knarf.  After he's been defeated, you have to face the 
good old doctor himself.

*Boss Fight 2 - Dr. Knarf*
Dr. Knarf stays on the platform and hurls three different colored 
bottles.  The red explodes and creates flames.  The purple just explodes 
on impact.  And the green can be hit back to cause damage to him.  Just 
run around dodging the red and purple bottles and hit the green bottles 
back to him.  When you finally defeat the good old doctor, he'll fall 
into the liquid beneath him and the lab will explode.  Enjoy the ending 
and the credits.

=============
Secret Levels
=============
------
Museum
------
*2 Hostages*
Straight ahead in the first area, push the statue, but only if your 
power level is at least two.  When you push the statue, you should fall 
down a hole.  This is one of the many secret levels.  The entire level 
is a giant slide, so whenever you're ready, slide on down.  There are no 
nitro boxes, but at the end, there are two hostages.  Watch out for the 
barriers and TNT boxes and be careful of the turns.  This is a good 
place to get extra lives.  After you release the hostages, go up the 
stairs to exit the level.

--------
Cemetery
--------
*2 Hostages*
When you have access to the Haunted Mansion mission, make your way 
across the lake and you should see a big stone that says P05 on it.  
Move it when your power level is at least five to enter another secret 
level.  You'll arrive on a platform with a lava pit on it.  Every so 
often, fire shoots up.  Anyway, get ready for the slide you're going to 
go down.  When you're ready, jump to it and ride it down.  While you're 
going down, try to dodge the hands.  When you stop, follow the path, 
break the checkered box, then jump to the next platform while dodging 
the swinging axe.  Dodge the two swinging axes on this platform then do 
a jumping glide to the one with the lava pit.  Then jump to the next 
slide and ride it down.  This slide now has swinging axes along with the 
hands.  When you reach the bottom of this slide, it gets dark, kind of 
like The Crypt mission where you have to get fireflies to see where 
you're going.  I don't really think it's necessary if you turn the 
brightness on your TV to max.  Anyway, get a firefly if you need it, 
follow the path, break the checkered box, make your way across the 
platforms while dodging the axes, and go down the final slide.  This 
slide gets dark if you stop collecting fireflies.  But it shouldn't be 
too hard.  Just follow the trail of pumpkins and dodge the hands and 
swinging axes and you'll be find.  At the bottom of the slide, you'll 
see the two hostages.  The switches are above each of the lava pits on 
either side.  You have to do a jumping tail swipe to each of them.  If 
you miss the first time, just keep trying.  When you free them, continue 
on the path, dodge the swinging axes, jump to the platform, and climb up 
the chain to exit the level.

------------------
Chemical Wasteland
------------------
*2 Hostages*
When you have access to the Chemical Wasteland level, you can find the 
entrance to another secret level near the yellow car.  There'll be a big 
cover over a pipe that says P07 on it.  Punch it open when your power 
level is at least seven to gain access to the secret level.  Another 
sliding level.  When you're ready, go on down.  Grab some pumpkins and 
extra lives and dodge the TNT boxes.  At the bottom, release the two 
hostages and climb up the chain in the middle of the platform to exit 
the level.

----------
Green Park
----------
*2 Hostages*
When you have access to the Root Canal mission, make your way through 
the level to the bottom of the slide.  At the bottom, you should arrive 
on a big circle with P08 written on it.  Jump on it when your power 
level is at least eight to gain access to the secret level.  Get ready 
for another long slide.  No roots wanting to attack you here, but try to 
dodge the TNT boxes.  About 1/3 of the way down, if you look ahead, 
you'll see a platform lower than the rest of the slide.  Jump before you 
come to the edge and glide down to it to find a crank.  Hit it and 
release the first hostage.  About the same distance from that first 
crank is another platform with another crank.  Do the same thing to land 
on the platform and hit the crank to release the second hostage.  Then 
ride the slide all the way down to the bottom and jump onto the shooting 
water to exit the level.

----------
Sewer Port
----------
*2 Hostages*
In Area 2 of the Sewer Port level, ride the row boat (close to the ship) 
down, turn the camera around, and you should see P09 written on the 
wall.  Punch it open when your power level is at least nine to gain 
access to this secret level.  Hey, another sliding level.  Nothing 
special here.  Just ride it down while dodging TNT boxes and getting 
extra lives and pumpkins.  At the end glide down to the platform and 
release the two hostages.  Climb the chain to exit the level.

======
Cheats
======
------------------
From codes.ign.com
------------------
*99 Lives*
At any time while you're playing press triangle, x, triangle, square, 
square, and circle and you'll have 99 lives.
-Submitted by Andrew Kim.-

=======
Credits
=======
Behavior Interactive, for developing the game.
ReadySoft, for designing the game.
GameFAQs, for posting this Walkthru.
Video Game Strategies, for also posting this Walkthru.

=========================
Copyright and Other Stuff
=========================
Jersey Devil Walkthru © 2000 by charjer0
Jersey Devil © 1998 by Behavior Interactive
Disclaimer: This FAQ/Walkthru shall not be reproduced without the 
expressed written consent of the creator.

